##   git#41-60

#### Q41. Which user should be created first during setting up of SSH?

- [x] git
- [ ] admin
- [ ] root
- [ ] None of these

#### Q42. Which command will list tags with the 1.4.2 series?

- [ ] git tag 'v1.4.2'
- [x] git tag -I 'v1.4.2.\*'
- [ ] git tag-list 'v1.4.2\*'
- [ ] git tag 'v1.4.2\*'

#### Q43. Which of the following is an integration manager?

- [ ] lieutenants
- [x] benevolent dictator
- [ ] Depends upon project type
- [ ] Depends upon data

#### Q44. Which Git command begins tracking of a new file?

- [x] add
- [ ] addfile
- [ ] begin
- [ ] track

#### Q45. Which of the following is called dumb protocol? ok

- [ ] All of these
- [ ] SSH
- [ ] Git
- [x] HTTP

#### Q46. Which key press returns a set of suggestions to pick from, when writing a Git command?

- [ ] Control
- [ ] Shift
- [x] Tab
- [ ] Alt

#### Q47. Which of these terms best describes Git?

- [x] Distributed Version Control System
- [ ] Issue Tracking System
- [ ] Integrated Development Environment
- [ ] Web-Based Repository Hosting Service

#### Q48. Which command gets a copy of an existing Git repository?

- [ ] duplicate
- [ ] replicate
- [ ] copy
- [x] clone

#### Q49. How does Git think of its data?

- [ ] File
- [ ] None of these
- [x] Snapshot
- [ ] Folder

#### Q50. Which option enables inclusion of author name in custom log format?

- [ ] %am
- [ ] %ad
- [ ] %ae
- [x] %an

#### Q51. Which version onwards did Git offer reversing a file back to what it looked like when last committed?

- [ ] 1.7
- [x] 1.6
- [ ] 2.0
- [ ] 1.8

#### Q52. Which strategy is used by Git for merging two branches?

- [ ] LIFO
- [x] recursive
- [ ] FIFO
- [ ] octopus

#### Q53. What does refs store?

- [x] SHA-1 value
- [ ] None of these
- [ ] Branch name
- [ ] Project name

#### Q54. What Language is used in GIT? ok

- [x] C
- [ ] C++
- [ ] C#
- [ ] Java

#### Q55. What is usually the extension of file which has the public key?

- [ ] ssh
- [x] pub
- [ ] key
- [ ] pk

#### Q56. What is the difference between initializing a normal repo and a bare repo?

- [ ] Bare repos store their git history in a .git subfolder.
- [ ] Bare repos do not have the .git extension.
- [x] Bare repos do not come with working or checked-out source files.
- [ ] Bare repos should be used for local rather than remote repos.

#### Q57. How many individual commits can a single repository have?

- [x] any number of commits
- [ ] only one commit local per repository
- [ ] only three commits per branch
- [ ] only one commit per HEAD

#### Q58. What types of tags does Git support?

- [ ] heavy and concise
- [ ] lightweight and immutable
- [ ] heavy and annotated
- [x] lightweight and annotated

#### Q59. After staging a series of changes to the index, which command could you use to review them prior to a commit?

- [x] git diff --cached
- [ ] git diff
- [ ] git diff --HEAD
- [ ] git status -v -v

#### Q60. What does the git stash drop command do?

- [x] removes the most recent stash entry
- [ ] deletes the stash
- [ ] lists everything in the stash
- [ ] throws away the oldest entry

#### Q1. How can you check your current git version? ok

- [ ] git --v
- [x] git --version
- [ ] git --option
- [ ] git --current

#### Q2. What command lets you create a connection between a local and remote repository?

- [x] git remote add new
- [x] git remote add origin
- [ ] git remote new origin
- [ ] git remote origin

#### Q3. Describe what the following git commands do to the commit history.

```bash
`git reset --hard HEAD~5
`git merge --squash HEAD@{1}
```

- [ ] Reset the HEAD to the 5th commit in the repo, then merges to the master branch
- [x] Reset the commit branch back before the last 5 commits, then squashes them into a single commit
- [ ] Delete the last 5 commits
- [ ] Merges the last 5 commits into a new branch

#### Q4. Your current project has several branches; master, beta, and push-notifications. You've just finished the notification feature in the push-notification branch, and you want to commit it to beta branch. How can you accomplish this?

- [ ] Checkout the push-notifications branch and run git merge beta
- [ ] Checkout the master branch and run git merge beta -> push-notification
- [ ] Delete the push-notification branch and it will be committed to the master branch automatically
- [x] Checkout the beta branch and run git merge push-notification

#### Q5. Which of the following is true you when you use the following command? ok

`git add -A`

- [x] All new and updated files are staged
- [ ] Files are staged in alphabetical order.
- [ ] All new files are staged
- [ ] Only updated files are staged

#### Q6. What will the following command print to the Terminal? ok

`git remote -v`

- [x] A list of remote repositories and their URLs
- [ ] The current git version you're running
- [ ] An inline editor for modifying remote repositories
- [ ] The last 5 git versions you've installed

#### Q7. Looking at the following commands, describe what is happening.

```bash
`git checkout feature-user-location
`git cherry-pick kj2342134sdf090093f0sdgasdf99sdfo992mmmf9921231
```

- [ ] The commit is being tagged for release on the feature-user-location branch
- [ ] A commit is being copied from its original branch over to the feature-user-location branch
- [x] The commit is being cherry picked as the new HEAD of the commit history
- [ ] A commit is being copied from the feature-user-location branch to the master branch
- [ ] The branch is switched to the feature-user-location branch, and the specified commit is applied to the branch.

#### Q21. Which statement is true when you use the git add -A command?

- [ ] Only new files in the working directory are staged to the index.
- [x] All new and updated files from the working directory are staged to the index.
- [ ] All files in the working directory are staged to the index in alphabetical order.
- [ ] Only updated files in the working directory are staged to the index.

#### Q22. You find that your project has a tag and branch both named push-notifications, which causes confusion when trying to print out given reference. How can you specify which branch you want to look at?

- [ ] use git show refs/push-notifications
- [ ] use git show push-notifications
- [ ] use git show head/refs/push-notifications
- [x] use git show refs/head/push-notifications



#### Q23. Your team lead needs a list of all commits that will be moved before you perform a rebase. Which command can you use to access that information?

- [ ] git rebase -log
- [x] git rebase -i
- [ ] git rebase -verbose
- [ ] git rebase -all

#### Q24. What is the operation doing given the Git commands below?
```
`git bisect start
`git bisect bad 5d41402abc4b2a76b9719d911017c592
`git bisect good 69faab6268350295550de7d587bc323d
```

- [ ] It runs a merge of a good commit that is discovered using a known bad commit and known good commit
- [ ] It marks a commit for deletion using a known bad commit and known good commit to determine which commit introduced a bug
- [ ] It defines a bad commit and resets the HEAD using a known bad commit and known good commit
- [x] It performs a binary search using a known bad commit and known good commit to determine which commit introduced a bug

#### Q25. In a situation where you have several commits for a single task, what is the most efficient way to restructure your commit history?

- [ ] Cherry pick the related commits to another branch.
- [ ] Delete the task commits and recommit with a new message.
- [x] Squash the related commits together into a single coherent commit.
- [ ] Stash the related commits under a new hash.

#### Q26. Which of the following is true of the git push command?

- [x] By default a push doesn't send tags to the remote repository.
- [ ] Commits can only be tagged when they are created.
- [ ] Tags are pushed to the remote repository with their respective commits.
- [ ] Only annotated tags are automatically pushed to the remote repository with a commit.

#### Q27. After pushing commits to the remote repository for the first time using the command below, what shorthand command can you use in future?
```bash
`git push -u origin master
```

- [ ] git push master
- [ ] git push origin
- [ ] Same as before, git push -u origin master
- [x] git push
