##   git#1-20

#### Q1. How can you check your current git version? ok

- [ ] git --v
- [x] git --version
- [ ] git --option
- [ ] git --current

#### Q2. What command lets you create a connection between a local and remote repository?

- [x] git remote add new
- [x] git remote add origin
- [ ] git remote new origin
- [ ] git remote origin

#### Q3. Describe what the following git commands do to the commit history.

```bash
`git reset --hard HEAD~5
`git merge --squash HEAD@{1}
```

- [ ] Reset the HEAD to the 5th commit in the repo, then merges to the master branch
- [x] Reset the commit branch back before the last 5 commits, then squashes them into a single commit
- [ ] Delete the last 5 commits
- [ ] Merges the last 5 commits into a new branch

#### Q4. Your current project has several branches; master, beta, and push-notifications. You've just finished the notification feature in the push-notification branch, and you want to commit it to beta branch. How can you accomplish this?

- [ ] Checkout the push-notifications branch and run git merge beta
- [ ] Checkout the master branch and run git merge beta -> push-notification
- [ ] Delete the push-notification branch and it will be committed to the master branch automatically
- [x] Checkout the beta branch and run git merge push-notification

#### Q5. Which of the following is true you when you use the following command? ok

`git add -A`

- [x] All new and updated files are staged
- [ ] Files are staged in alphabetical order.
- [ ] All new files are staged
- [ ] Only updated files are staged

#### Q6. What will the following command print to the Terminal? ok

`git remote -v`

- [x] A list of remote repositories and their URLs
- [ ] The current git version you're running
- [ ] An inline editor for modifying remote repositories
- [ ] The last 5 git versions you've installed

#### Q7. Looking at the following commands, describe what is happening.

```bash
`git checkout feature-user-location
`git cherry-pick kj2342134sdf090093f0sdgasdf99sdfo992mmmf9921231
```

- [ ] The commit is being tagged for release on the feature-user-location branch
- [ ] A commit is being copied from its original branch over to the feature-user-location branch
- [x] The commit is being cherry picked as the new HEAD of the commit history
- [ ] A commit is being copied from the feature-user-location branch to the master branch
- [ ] The branch is switched to the feature-user-location branch, and the specified commit is applied to the branch.

#### Q8. What does the following command do to the git repository?

`git reset --soft HEAD^`

- [ ] It deletes all previous commits and reset the repository history back to its initial state.
- [ ] It resets the working branch to the first commit.
- [ ] It keeps the HEAD at the current commit, but clears all previous commits.
- [x] It sets HEAD to the previous commit and leaves changes from the undone commit in the stage/index.

#### Q9. You find a bug in your project, but can't locate where it was introduced in the commit history. How would you diagnose this problem?

- [ ] Manually backtrack through your commit history.
- [ ] Use git search -diff to compare all commits in your repository history.
- [ ] Run a git rebase to find the buggy commit.
- [x] Use git bisect to compare the buggy commit to an early commit that works as expected.

#### Q10. Why would the following command be used?

`git rebase -i HEAD~10`

- [ ] To run a comparative search of the last 10 commits for differences
- [x] To list the last 10 commits and modify them with either the squash or fixup command
- [ ] To delete the last 10 commits and reset the HEAD
- [ ] In order to locally cache the last 10 commits

#### Q11. Why would you use a pre-receive hook in your remote repository?

- [ ] You wouldn't, you would use it in the local repository
- [x] To execute a script when a remote receives a push that is triggered before any refs are updated
- [ ] To fire a script after updates are made to the remote repository
- [ ] To debug all commit tags and release versions

#### Q12. What option can you use to apply git configurations across your entire git environment? ok

- [ ] `--all`
- [ ] `--master`
- [x] `--global`
- [ ] `--update`

#### Q13. How could you squash multiple commits together without using git merge --squash?

- [ ] Caching
- [ ] You can't. git merge --squash is the only git command for that operation.
- [x] Rebasing
- [ ] Reflogging

#### Q14. If you cloned an existing git repository, what would happen? ok

- [ ] A new copy would overwrite the central repository
- [x] A copy of the repository would be created on your local machine
- [ ] Nothing, cloning is not a supported git function
- [ ] A copy of the repository would be created on the hosting platform

#### Q15. How can you display a list of files added or modified in a specific commit? ok

- [ ] Find the commit in the remote repository, as that's the only place that kind of information is stored.
- [x] Use the `diff-tree` command with the commit hash.
- [ ] Run `git commit --info` with the commit hash.
- [ ] Access the commit stash data with `git stash`.

#### Q16. What files is this .gitignore programmed to leave out?

```shell
`#.swift
`build/
`*.txt
`*.metadata
```

- [ ] All files with a .swift, .txt, or metadata file extension, as well as the entire build directory
- [ ] Only the build directory
- [x] All files in the build directory, as well as files ending with .txt or .metadata
- [ ] Only files with .swift and .txt extensions.



#### Q17. After you make changes to a local repository, you run the following command. What will this do?

`git commit -a -m "Refactor code base"`

- [ ] Nothing, you can't use multiple options in the same command
- [ ] Adds all new files to the staging area
- [ ] Commits all new files with a message
- [x] Adds all modified files to the staging area, then commits them with a message

#### Q18. After checking your git status you get the following output, which shows the file beta-notes.js in the commit but also unstaged. How can this situation occur?

```shell
`Change to be committed:
`(use "git reset HEAD <file>..." to unstage)
`modified: beta-notes.js
`Changes not staged for commit:
`(use "git add <file>..." to update what will be committed)
`(use "git checkout --<file>..." to discard changes in working directory)
`modified: beta-notes.js
```

- [ ] There were two copies of beta-notes.js but one was deleted
- [x] beta-notes.js was staged, then modified afterwards, creating two different versions of the file
- [ ] Two copies of beta-notes.js were created, but only one is being tracked
- [ ] There are two tracked copies of beta-notes.js, but one was removed from the commit

#### Q19. Where are files stored before they are committed to the local repository?

- [ ] Saved files
- [ ] git documents
- [x] Staging area
- [ ] git cache

#### Q20. What commands would you use to force an overwrite of your local files with the master branch?

- [ ] ⠀
```bash
`  git pull --all
`  git reset --hard origin/master
````
- [ ] ⠀
```bash
`  git pull -u origin master
`git reset --hard master
`  ```
- [ ] ⠀
```bash
`  git pull origin master
`  git reset --hard origin/myCurrentBranch
`  ```
- [x] ⠀

`  ```bash
`  git fetch --all
`  git reset --hard origin/master
````
