##   CSS_26_50

#### Q26.Which of these would give a block element rounded corners?

- [ ] corner-curve: 10px
- [ ] border-corner: 10px
- [x] border-radius: 10px
- [ ] corner-radius: 10px



#### Q27. In the following media query example, what conditions are being targeted?

```css
`@media (min-width: 1024px), screen and (orientation: landscape) { … }
```

- [x] The rule will apply to a device that has either a width of 1024px or wider, or is a screen device in landscape mode.
- [ ] The rule will apply to a device that has a width of 1024px or narrower and is a screen device in landscape mode.
- [ ] The rule will apply to a device that has a width of 1024px or wider and is a screen device in landscape mode.
- [ ] The rule will apply to a device that has a width of 1024px or narrower, or is a screen device in landscape mode.

#### Q28. CSS transform properties are used to change the shape and position of the selected objects. The transform-origin property specifies the location of the element's transformation origin. By default, what is the location of the origin?

- [x] the top left corner of the element
- [ ] the center of the element
- [ ] the top right corner of the element
- [ ] the bottom left of the element

#### Q29. Which of the following is not a valid color value? (_Alternative:_ Which choice is not a valid color value?)

- [ ] `color: #000`
- [ ] `color: rgb(0,0,0)`
- [ ] `color: #000000`
- [x] `color: 000000`

#### Q30. What is the vertical gap between the two elements below?

```html
`<div style="margin-bottom: 2rem;">Div 1</div>
`<div style="margin-top: 2rem;">Div 2</div>
```

- [x] 2rem
- [ ] 32px
- [ ] 64px
- [ ] 4rem

#### Q31. When using the Flexbox method, what property and value is used to display flex items in a column?

- [x] flex-flow: column; or flex-direction: column
- [ ] flex-flow: column;
- [ ] flex-column: auto;
- [ ] flex-direction: column;

#### Q32. Which type of declaration will take precedence?

- [ ] any declarations in user-agent stylesheets
- [x] important declarations in user stylesheets
- [ ] normal declarations in author stylesheets
- [ ] important declarations in author stylesheets

#### Q33. The flex-direction property is used to specify the direction that flex items are displayed. What are the values used to specify the direction of the items in the following examples?

- [x]
`  - Example 1: `flex-direction: row;`
`  - Example 2: `flex-direction: row-reverse;`
`  - Example 3: `flex-direction: column;`
`  - Example 4: `flex-direction: column-reverse;`
- [ ]
`  - Example 1: `flex-direction: row-reverse;`
`  - Example 2: `flex-direction: row;`
`  - Example 3: `flex-direction: column-reverse;`
`  - Example 4: `flex-direction: column;`
- [ ]
`  - Example 1: `flex-direction: row;`
`  - Example 2: `flex-direction: row-reverse;`
`  - Example 3: `flex-direction: column;`
`  - Example 4: `flex-direction: reverse-column;`
- [ ]
`  - Example 1: `flex-direction: column;`
`  - Example 2: `flex-direction: column-reverse;`
`  - Example 3: `flex-direction: row;`
`  - Example 4: `flex-direction: row-reverse;`



#### Q34. There are two sibling combinators that can be used to select elements contained within the same parent element; the general sibling combinator (~) and the adjacent sibling combinator (+). Referring to example below, which elements will the styles be applied to?

```css
`h2 ~ p {
`  color: blue;
`}
`h2 + p {
`  background: beige;
`}
```
```html
`<section>
`  <p>paragraph 1</p>
`  <h2>Heading</h2>
`  <p>paragraph 2</p>
`  <p>paragraph 3</p>
`</section>
```

- [ ] Paragraphs 2 and 3 will be blue. The h2 and paragraph 2 will have a beige background.
- [x] Paragraphs 2, and 3 will be blue, and paragraph 2 will have a beige background.
- [ ] Paragraph 2 will be blue. Paragraphs 2 and 3 will have a beige background.

#### Q35. When using flexbox, the "justify-content" property can be used to distribute the space between the flex items along the main axis. Which value should be used to evenly distribute the flex items within the container shown below?

- [x] justify-content: space-around;
- [ ] justify-content: center;
- [ ] justify-content: auto;
- [ ] justify-content: space-between;

#### Q36. There are many advantages to using icon fonts. What is one of those advantages?

- [ ] Icon fonts increase accessibility.
- [ ] Icon fonts can be used to replace custom fonts.
- [x] Icon fonts can be styled with typography related properties such as font-size and color.
- [ ] Icon fonts are also web safe fonts.

#### Q37. What is the difference between `display:none` and `visibility:hidden`?

- [ ] Both will hide the element on the page, but display:none has greater browser support. visibility:hidden is a new property and does not have the best browser support
- [ ] display:none hides the elements but maintains the space it previously occupied. visibility:hidden will hide the element from view and remove it from the normal flow of the document
- [x] display:none hides the element from view and removes it from the normal flow of the document. visibility:hidden will hide the element but maintains the space it previously occupied.
- [ ] There is no difference; both will hide the element on the page

#### Q38. What selector and property would you use to scale an element to be 50% smaller on hover?

- [ ] element:hover {scale: 0.5;}
- [x] element:hover {transform: scale(0.5);}
- [ ] element:hover {scale: 50%;}
- [ ] element:hover {transform: scale(50%);}

#### Q39. Which statement regarding icon fonts is true?

- [ ] Icon fonts can be inserted only using JavaScript.
- [ ] Icon fonts are inserted as inline images.
- [ ] Icon fonts require browser extensions.
- [x] Icon fonts can be styled with typography-related properties such as font-size and color.

#### Q40. The values for the font-weight property can be keywords or numbers. For each numbered value below, what is the associated keyword?

```css
`font-weight: 400;
`font-weight: 700;
```

- [ ] bold; normal
- [x] normal; bold
- [ ] light; normal
- [ ] normal; bolder

#### Q41. If the width of the container is 500 pixels, what would the width of the three columns be in this layout?

``.grid { display: grid; grid-template-columns: 50px 1fr 2fr; }`

- [x] 50px, 150px, 300px
- [ ] 50px, 200px, 300px
- [ ] 50px, 100px, 200px
- [ ] 50px, 50px, 100px



#### Q42. Using the :nth-child pseudo class, what would be the most efficient way to style every third item in a list, no matter how many items are present, starting with item 2?

- [ ]
`  ```css
`  li:nth-child(3 + 2n) {
`    margin: 0 5 px;
`  }
`  ```
- [x]
`  ```css
`  li:nth-child(3n + 2) {
`    margin: 0 5 px;
`  }
`  ```
- [ ]
`  ```css
`  li:nth-child(2),
`  li:nth-child(5),
`  li:nth-child(8) {
`    margin: 0 5 px;
` }
` ```
- [ ]
`  ```css
`  li:nth-child(2n + 3) {
`    margin: 0 5 px;
`  }
`  ```

#### Q43. Which selector would select only internal links within the current page?

- [ ] `a[href="#"] {...}`
- [ ] `a[href~="#"]`
- [ ] `a[href^="#"]`
- [x] `a[href="#"]`

#### Q44. What is not true about class selectors?

- [x] Only one class value can be assigned to an element.
- [ ] An element can have multiple class value.
- [ ] Class selectors are marked with a leading period.
- [ ] More than one element can have the same class value.

#### Q45. What is the difference between the margin and padding properties?

- [ ] Margin adds space around and inside of an element; padding adds space only inside of an element.
- [x] Margin adds space around an element; padding adds space inside of an element.
- [ ] Margin adds a line around an element, padding adds space inside of an element.
- [ ] Margin adds space inside of an element, padding adds space around an element.

#### Q46. What is not a valid way of declaring a padding value of 10 pixels on the top and bottom, and 0 pixels on the left and right?

- [ ] padding: 10px 10px 0px 0px;
- [ ] padding: 10px 0px;
- [ ] padding: 10px 0;
- [x] padding: 10px 0px 10px 0px;

#### Q47. Is there an error in this code? If so, find the best description of the problem

```css
`@font-face {
`  font-family: 'Avenir', sans-serif;
`  src: url('avenir.woff2') format('woff2'), url('avenir.woff') format('woff');
`}
```

- [ ] The font file formats are not supported in modern browsers.
- [ ] The src attribute requires a comma between the URL and format values.
- [ ] There are no errors in the example.
- [x] The sans-serif inclusion is problematic.

#### Q48. Which style places an element at a fixed location within its container?

- [x] position: absolute;
- [ ] display: flex;
- [ ] display: block;
- [ ] float: left;

#### Q49. The calc() CSS function is often used for calculating relative values. In the example below, what is the specified margin-left value?

```css
`.example {
`  margin-left: calc(5% + 5px);
`}
```

- [x] The left margin value is equal to 5% of its parents element's width plus 5px
- [ ] The left margin value is equal to 5% of the viewport width plus 5px
- [ ] The left margin value is equal to 5% of the closest positioned element's width plus 5px
- [ ] The left margin value is equal to 5% of the selected element's width (.example) plus 5px

#### Q50. What is the CSS selector for an `<a>` tag containing the title attribute?

- [x] `a[title]`
- [ ] `a > title`
- [ ] `a=title`
- [ ] `a.title`

