##   CSS_51-75



#### Q51. Which code would you use to absolutely position an element of the logo class?

- [x] `.logo { position: absolute; left: 100px; top: 150px; }`
- [ ] `.logo { position: absolute; margin-left: 100px; margin-top: 150px; }`
- [ ] `.logo { position: absolute; padding-left: 100px; padding-top: 150px; }`
- [ ] `.logo { position: absolute; left-padding: 100px; top-padding: 150px; }`

#### Q52. In this example, what color will Paragraph 1 be?

````css
`p:first-of-type {
`  color: red;
`}
`p {
`  color: blue;
`}
`.container {
`  color: yellow;
`}
`p:first-child {
`  color: green;
`}
````
`
````html
`<div class="container">
`  <h1>Heading</h1>
`  <p>Paragraph1</p>
`  <p>Paragraph2</p>
`</div>
````

- [ ] blue
- [ ] green
- [x] red
- [ ] yellow

#### Q53. What is the `::placeholder pseudo-element` used for?

- [x] It is used to format the appearance of placeholder text within a form control.
- [ ] It specifies the default input text for a form control.
- [ ] It writes text content into a hyperlink tooltip.
- [ ] It writes text content into any page element.

#### Q54. Which statement is true of the single colon (`:`) or double colon (`::`) notations for pseudo-elements-for example, `::before` and `:before`?

- [ ] All browsers support single and double colons for new and older pseudo-elements. So you can use either but it is convention to use single colons for consistency.
- [ ] In CSS3, the double colon notation (`::`) was introduced to create a consistency between pseudo-elements from pseudo-classes. For newer browsers, use the double colon notation. For IE8 and below, using single colon notation (`:`).
- [ ] Only the new CSS3 pseudo-elements require the double colon notation while the CSS2 pseudo-elements do not.
- [x] In CSS3, the double colon notation (`::`) was introduced to differentiate pseudo-elements from pseudo-classes. However, modern browsers support both formats. Older browsers such as IE8 and below do not.

#### Q55. Which choice is not valid value for the font-style property?

- [ ] normal
- [ ] italic
- [x] none
- [ ] oblique

#### Q56. When would you use the @font-face method?

- [ ] to set the font size of the text
- [x] to load custom fonts into stylesheet
- [ ] to change the name of the font declared in the font-family
- [ ] to set the color of the text

#### Q57. When elements within a container overlap, the z-index property can be used to indicate how those items are stacked on top of each other. Which set of statements is true?

- [x]
`  ```markdown
`  1. Larger z-index values appear on top elements with a lower z-index value.
`  2. Negative and positive number can be used.
`  3. z-index can be used only on positioned elements.
`  ```
- [ ]
`  ```markdown
`  1. Smaller z-index values appear on top of elements with a larger z-index value.
`  2. Negative and positive numbers can be used.
`  3. z-index can be used with or without positioned elements.
`  ```
- [ ]
`  ```markdown
`  1. Smaller z-index values appear on top of elements with a larger z-index value.
`  2. Negative and positive number can be used.
`  3. z-index must also be used with positioned elements.
`  ```
- [ ]
`  ```markdown
`  1. Larger z-index values appear on top of elements with a lower z-index value.
`  2. Only positive number can be used.
`  3. z-index must also be used with positioned elements.
`  ```

Note: an alternative for Q13.

#### Q58. You have a large image that needs to fit into a 400 x 200 pixel area. What should you resize the image to if your users are using Retina displays?

- [ ] 2000 x 1400 pixels
- [ ] 200 x 100 pixels
- [x] 800 x 400 pixels
- [ ] 400 x 200 pixels

#### Q59. In Chrome's Developer Tools view, where are the default styles listed?

- [x] under the User Agent Stylesheet section on the right
- [ ] in the third panel under the Layout tab
- [ ] under the HTML view on the left
- [ ] in the middle panel

#### Q60. While HTML controls document structure, CSS controls `___`.

- [ ] semantic meaning
- [ ] content meaning
- [ ] document structure
- [x] content appearance

#### Q61. What is the recommended name you should give the folder that holds your project's images?

- [x] images
- [ ] #images
- [ ] Images
- [ ] my images

#### Q62. What is an advantage of using inline CSS?

- [ ] It is easier to manage.
- [x] It is easier to add multiple styles through it.
- [ ] It can be used to quickly test local CSS overrides.
- [ ] It reduces conflict with other CSS definition methods.

#### Q63.Which W3C status code represents a CSS specification that is fully implemented by modern browsers?

- [ ] Proposed Recommendation
- [ ] Working Draft
- [x] Recommendation
- [ ] Candidate Recommendation

#### Q64. Are any of the following declarations invalid?

```css
`color: red; /* declaration A */
`font-size: 1em; /* declaration B */
`padding: 10px 0; /* declaration C */
```

- [ ] Declaration A is invalid.
- [ ] Declaration B is invalid.
- [ ] Declaration C is invalid.
- [x] All declarations are valid.

#### Q65. Which CSS will cause your links to have a solid blue background that changes to semitransparent on hover?

- [x]
  ```css
  `a:link {
  `  background: #0000ff;
  `}
  `a:hover {
  `  background: rgba(0, 0, 255, 0.5);
  `}
  ```
- [ ]
  ```css
  `a {
  `  color: blue;
  `}
  `a:hover {
  `  background: white;
  `}
  ```
- [ ]
  ```css
  `a:link {
  `  background: blue;
  `}
  `a:hover {
  `  color: rgba(0, 0, 255, 0.5);
  `}
  ```
- [ ]
  ```css
  `a:hover {
  `  background: rgba(blue, 50%);
  `}
  `a:link {
  `  background: rgba(blue);
  `}
  ```

#### Q66. Which CSS rule takes precedence over the others listed?

- [ ] `div.sidebar {}`
- [ ] `* {}`
- [x] `div#sidebar2 p {}`
- [ ] `.sidebar p {}`

#### Q67. The body of your page includes some HTML sections. How will it look with the following CSS applied?

```css
`body {
`  background: #ffffff; /* white */
`}
`section {
`  background: #0000ff; /* blue */
`  height: 200px;
`}
```

- [x] blue sections on a white background
- [ ] Yellow sections on a blue background
- [ ] Green sections on a white background
- [ ] blue sections on a red background

#### Q68. Which CSS keyword can you use to override standard source order and specificity rules?

- [ ] `!elevate!`
- [ ] `*prime`
- [ ] `override`
- [x] `!important`

#### Q69. You can use the `___` pseudo-class to set a different color on a link if it was clicked on.

- [x] `a:visited`
- [ ] `a:hover`
- [ ] `a:link`
- [ ] `a:focus`

#### Q70. Which color will look the brightest on your screen, assuming the background is white?

- [ ] `background-color: #aaa;`
- [ ] `background-color: #999999;`
- [ ] `background-color: rgba(170,170,170,0.5);`
- [x] `background-color: rgba(170,170,170,0.2);`

#### Q71. Which CSS selector can you use to select all elements on your page associated with the two classes header and clear?

- [ ] `."header clear" {}`
- [ ] `header#clear {}`
- [x] `.header.clear {}`
- [ ] `.header clear {}`

#### Q72. A universal selector is specified using a(n) `___`.

- [ ] "h1" string
- [ ] "a" character
- [ ] "p" character
- [x] "\*" character

#### Q73. In the following CSS code, `'h1'` is the `___`, while `'color'` is the `___`.

```css
`h1 {
`  color: red;
`}
```

- [ ] property; declaration
- [ ] declaration; rule
- [ ] "p" character
- [x] selector; property

#### Q74. What is an alternate way to define the following CSS rule?

```css
`font-weight: bold;
```

- [ ] font-weight: 400;
- [ ] font-weight: medium;
- [x] font-weight: 700;
- [ ] font-weight: Black;

#### Q75. You want your styling to be based on a font stack consisting of three fonts. Where should the generic font for your font family be specified?

- [ ] It should be the first one on the list.
- [ ] Generic fonts are discouraged from this list.
- [x] It should be the last one on the list.
- [ ] It should be the second one on the list.


