##   1°_01-50_70-483 MCSD Programming in C


#### 001 [ok]::You are developing an application that includes a class named Order. The application will store a collection of Order objects.
`The collection must meet the following requirements:
`✑ Use strongly typed members.
`✑ Process Order objects in first-in-first-out order.
`✑ Store values for each Order object.
`✑ Use zero-based indices.
`You need to use a collection type that meets the requirements.
`Which collection type should you use?


- [x] Queue<T>
##### ::Queues are useful for storing messages in the order they were received for sequential processing. Objects stored in a Queue<T> are inserted at one end and removed from the other.
- [ ] SortedList
- [ ] LinkedList<T>
- [ ] HashTable
- [ ] Array<T>

#### 002 ::You are developing an application. The application calls a method that returns an array of integers named employeeIds. You define an integer variable named employeeIdToRemove and assign a value to it. You declare an array named filteredEmployeeIds.
`You have the following requirements:
`✑ Remove duplicate integers from the employeeIds array.
`✑ Sort the array in order from the highest value to the lowest value.
`Remove the integer value stored in the employeeIdToRemove variable from the employeeIds array.
`
`You need to create a LINQ query to meet the requirements.
`Which code segment should you use?

- [ ] Option A
- [ ] Option B
- [x] Option C
- [ ] Option D

#### 003 ::You are developing an application that includes the following code segment. (Line numbers are included for reference only.)
`
`The GetAnimals() method must meet the following requirements:
`✑ Connect to a Microsoft SQL Server database.
`✑ Create Animal objects and populate them with data from the database.
`✑ Return a sequence of populated Animal objects.
`You need to meet the requirements.
`Which two actions should you perform? 

- [ ] Insert the following code segment at line 16: while(sqlDataReader.NextResult())
- [x] Insert the following code segment at line 13: sqlConnection.Open();
- [ ] Insert the following code segment at line 13: sqlConnection.BeginTransaction();
- [x] Insert the following code segment at line 16: while(sqlDataReader.Read())
- [ ] Insert the following code segment at line 16: while(sqlDataReader.GetValues())


#### 004::
`You are developing a custom collection named LoanCollection for a class named Loan class.
`You need to ensure that you can process each Loan object in the LoanCollection collection by using a foreach loop.
`How should you complete the relevant code? (To answer, drag the appropriate code segments to the correct locations in the answer area. Each code segment may be used once, more than once, or not at all. You may need to drag the split bar between panes or scroll to view content.)
`Select and Place:


#### 005, ::
`You are developing an application by using C#. The application includes an array of decimal values named loanAmounts. You are developing a LINQ query to return the values from the array.
`The query must return decimal values that are evenly divisible by two. The values must be sorted from the lowest value to the highest value.
`You need to ensure that the query correctly returns the decimal values.
`How should you complete the relevant code? (To answer, drag the appropriate code segments to the correct locations in the answer area. Each code segment may be used once, more than once, or not at  all. You may need to drag the split bar between panes or scroll to view content.)
`Select and Place:

#### 006, ::
`You are developing an application. The application includes a method named ReadFile that reads data from a file.
`The ReadFile() method must meet the following requirements:
`✑ It must not make changes to the data file.
`✑ It must allow other processes to access the data file.
`✑ It must not throw an exception if the application attempts to open a data file that does not exist.
`You need to implement the ReadFile() method.
`Which code segment should you use?

- [x] var fs = File.Open(Filename, FileMode.OpenOrCreate, FileAccess.Read,FileShare.ReadWrite);
- [ ] var fs = File.Open(Filename, FileMode.Open, FileAccess.Read,FileShare.ReadWrite);
- [ ] var fs = File.Open(Filename, FileMode.OpenOrCreate, FileAccess.Read,FileShare.Write);
- [ ] var fs = File.ReadAllLines(Filename);
- [ ] var fs = File.ReadAllBytes(Filename);


#### 007::
`An application receives JSON data in the following format:
`
`The application includes the following code segment. (Line numbers are included for reference only.)
`
`You need to ensure that the ConvertToName() method returns the JSON input string as a Name object.
`Which code segment should you insert at line 10?

- [ ] Return ser.ConvertToType<Name>(json);
- [ ] Return ser.DeserializeObject(json);
- [x] Return ser.Deserialize<Name>(json);
- [ ] Return (Name)ser.Serialize(json);

#### 008::
`You are developing an application. The application converts a Location object to a string by using a method named WriteObject. The WriteObject() method accepts two parameters, a Location object and an XmlObjectSerializer object.
`The application includes the following code. (Line numbers are included for reference only.)
`
`You need to serialize the Location object as a JSON object.
`Which code segment should you insert at line 20?

- [ ] New DataContractSerializer(typeof(Location))
- [ ] New XmlSerializer(typeof(Location))
- [ ] New NetDataContractSenalizer()
- [x] New DataContractJsonSerializer(typeof(Location))

#### 009::
`You are developing an application by using C#. The application includes the following code segment. Line numbers are included for reference only.)
`
`The DoWork() method must not throw any exceptions when converting the obj object to the IDataContainer interface or when accessing the Data property.
`You need to meet the requirements. Which code segment should you insert at line 07?

- [ ] var dataContainer = (IDataContainer)obj;
- [ ] dynamic dataContainer = obj;
- [ ] var dataContainer = obj is IDataContainer;
- [x] var dataContainer = obj as IDataContainer;

#### 010::
`You are creating an application that manages information about zoo animals. The application includes a class named Animal and a method named Save.
`The Save() method must be strongly typed. It must allow only types inherited from the Animal class that uses a constructor that accepts no parameters.
`You need to implement the Save() method.
`Which code segment should you use?

- [ ] Option A
- [ ] Option B
- [x] Option C
- [ ] Option D


#### 11::
`You are developing a class named ExtensionMethods.
`You need to ensure that the ExtensionMethods class implements the IsEmail() method on string objects.
`How should you complete the relevant code? (To answer, drag the appropriate code segments to the correct locations in the answer area. Each code segment may be used once, more than once, or not at all. You may need to drag the split bar between panes or scroll to view content.)
`Select and Place:
 

#### 0012::
`You are developing an application that will convert data into multiple output formats.
`The application includes the following code. (Line numbers are included for reference only.)
`
`You are developing a code segment that will produce tab-delimited output. All output routines implement the following interface:
`
`You need to minimize the completion time of the GetOutput() method.
`Which code segment should you insert at line 06?

- [ ] Option A
- [x] Option B
- [ ] Option C
- [ ] Option D

#### 0015::
`You are developing an application by using C#.
`The application includes an object that performs a long running process.
`You need to ensure that the garbage collector does not release the object's resources until the process completes.
`Which garbage collector method should you use?

- [ ] ReRegisterForFinalize()
- [x] SuppressFinalize()
- [ ] Collect()
- [ ] WaitForFullGCApproach()

#### 0016::
`You are creating a class named Employee. The class exposes a string property named EmployeeType. The following code segment defines the Employee class.
`(Line numbers are included for reference only.)
`
`The EmployeeType property value must be accessed and modified only by code within the Employee class or within a class derived from the Employee class.
`You need to ensure that the implementation of the EmployeeType property meets the requirements.
`Which two actions should you perform?

- [ ] Replace line 05 with the following code segment:protected get;
- [x] Replace line 06 with the following code segment:private set;
- [ ] Replace line 03 with the following code segment:public string EmployeeType
- [ ] Replace line 05 with the following code segment:private get;
- [ ] Replace line 03 with the following code segment:protected string EmployeeType
- [x] Replace line 06 with the following code segment:protected set;



#### 0017::You are implementing a method named Calculate that performs conversions between value types and reference types. The following code segment implements the method. (Line numbers are included for reference only.)
`
`You need to ensure that the application does not throw exceptions on invalid conversions.
`Which code segment should you insert at line 04?

- [x] int balance = (int) (float)amountRef;
- [ ] int balance = (int)amountRef;
- [ ] int balance = amountRef;
- [ ] int balance = (int) (double) amountRef;

#### 0018::
`You are creating a console application by using C#.
`You need to access the application assembly.
`Which code segment should you use?


- [ ] Assembly.GetAssembly(this);
- [ ] this.GetType();
- [ ] Assembly.Load();
- [x] Assembly.GetExecutingAssembly();

#### 0019::
`You are implementing a library method that accepts a character parameter and returns a string.
`If the lookup succeeds, the method must return the corresponding string value. If the lookup fails, the method must return the value "invalid choice."
`You need to implement the lookup algorithm.
`How should you complete the relevant code? (To answer, select the correct keyword in each drop-down list in the answer area.)


#### 0020::You use the Task.Run() method to launch a long-running data processing operation. The data processing operation often fails in times of heavy network congestion.
`If the data processing operation fails, a second operation must clean up any results of the first operation.
`You need to ensure that the second operation is invoked only if the data processing operation throws an unhandled exception.
`What should you do?

- [ ] Create a TaskCompletionSource<T> object and call the TrySetException() method of the object.
- [x] Create a task by calling the Task.ContinueWith() method.
- [ ] Examine the Task.Status property immediately after the call to the Task.Run() method.
- [ ] Create a task inside the existing Task.Run() method by using the AttachedToParent option.





























> https://www.examtopics.com/exams/microsoft/70-483/view/5/

#### 0019::You are preparing to deploy an Azure resource group via Terraform.
`To achieve your goal, you have to install the necessary frameworks.
`Which of the following are the frameworks you should use? Answer by dragging the correct options from the list to the answer area.

- [ ]
`Yeoman
`Vault
`Terratest
`Tiller


- [x]
`Yeoman
`Terratest

#### Q20.::You intend to make use of Azure Artifacts to share packages that you wrote, tested, validated, and deployed.
`You want to use a solitary feed to release several builds of each package. You have to make sure that the release of packages that are in development is restricted.
`Which of the following actions should you take?

- [ ] You should make use of static code analysis.
- [x] You should make use of views.
- [ ] You should make use of dynamic code analysis.
- [ ] You should make use of upstream sources.

#### 0021::You need to consider the underlined segment to establish whether it is accurate.
`To find when common open source libraries are added to the code base, you should add Jenkins to the build pipeline.
`Select "No adjustment required" if the underlined segment is accurate. If the underlined segment is inaccurate, select the accurate option.

- [ ] No adjustment required.
- [ ] SourceGear Vault
- [x] WhiteSource
- [ ] OWASP ZAP



#### 0022::Your company has an Azure DevOps project, which includes a build pipeline that makes use of roughly fifty open source libraries.
`You have been tasked with making sure that you are able to scan project for common security weaknesses in the open source libraries.
`Which of the following actions should you take?

- [x] You should create a build task and use the WhiteSource Bolt service.
- [ ] You should create a deployment task and use the WhiteSource Bolt service.
- [ ] You should create a build task and use the Chef service.
- [ ] You should create a deployment task and use the Chef service.



#### 0023::You need to consider the underlined segment to establish whether it is accurate.
`Black Duck can be used to make sure that all the open source libraries conform to your company's licensing criteria.
`Select "No adjustment required" if the underlined segment is accurate. If the underlined segment is inaccurate, select the accurate option.

- [x] No adjustment required.
- [ ] Maven
- [ ] Bamboo
- [ ] CMAKE



#### 0024::You have created an Azure DevOps project for a new application that will be deployed to a number of Windows Server 2016 Azure virtual machines.
`You are preparing a deployment solution that allows for the virtual machines to maintain a uniform configuration, and also keep administrative effort with regards to configuring the virtual machines to a minimum.
`Which of the following should be part of your solution? (Choose two.)

- [x] Azure Resource Manager templates
- [x] The PowerShell Desired State Configuration (DSC) extension for Windows
- [ ] Azure pipeline deployment groups
- [ ] The Custom Script Extension for Windows
- [ ] Azure pipeline stage templates


#### 0025::Your company has an application that contains a number of Azure App Service web apps and Azure functions.
`You would like to view recommendations with regards to the security of the web apps and functions. You plan to navigate to Compute and Apps to achieve your goal.
`Which of the following should you access to make use of Compute and Apps?

- [ ] Azure Log Analytics
- [ ] Azure Event Hubs
- [ ] Azure Advisor
- [x] Azure Security Center


#### 0026::You need to consider the underlined segment to establish whether it is accurate.
`Your company has a multi-tier application that has its front end hosted in Azure App Service.
`To pinpoint the average load times of the application pages, you should make use of Azure Event Hubs.
`Select "No adjustment required" if the underlined segment is accurate. If the underlined segment is inaccurate, select the accurate option.

- [ ] No adjustment required.
- [x] Azure Application Insights
- [ ] Azure Log Analytics
- [ ] Azure Advisor


#### 0027 ::Your company makes use of Azure SQL Database Intelligent Insights and Azure Application Insights for monitoring purposes.
`You have been tasked with analyzing the monitoring using ad-hoc queries. You need to utilize the correct query language.
`Solution: You use the Contextual Query Language (CQL).
`Does the solution meet the goal?

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### 0028::Your company makes use of Azure SQL Database Intelligent Insights and Azure Application Insights for monitoring purposes.
`You have been tasked with analyzing the monitoring using ad-hoc queries. You need to utilize the correct query language.
`Solution: You use the Transact-SQL.
`Does the solution meet the goal?

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### 0029::Your company makes use of Azure SQL Database Intelligent Insights and Azure Application Insights for monitoring purposes.
`You have been tasked with analyzing the monitoring using ad-hoc queries. You need to utilize the correct query language.
`Solution: You use Azure Log Analytics.
`Does the solution meet the goal?

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No



#### 0030, ::
`You have recently created a web application for your company.
`You have been tasked with making sure that a summary of the exceptions that transpire in the application is automatically sent to Microsoft Teams on a daily basis.
`Which of the following Azure services should you use? Answer by dragging the correct options from the list to the answer area.

- [ ]
`Azure DevOps Project
`Azure Logic Apps
`Azure Pipelines
`Azure Application Insights


- [x]
`Azure Logic Apps
`Azure Application Insights


#### 0031::You are in the process of building a mobile app aimed at Android and iOS devices.
`All work items and release cycles are managed via Azure DevOps.
`You want to make sure that crash reports for issue analysis is collected, and that beta releases are distributed to your testers. Also, you want to ensure that user feedback on the functionality of new apps is received.
`Which of the following must be part of your solution?

- [x] The Microsoft Test & Feedback extension.
- [ ] OWASP ZAP
- [ ] TFS Integration Platform
- [ ] Code Style


#### 0032::
`You need to recommend project metrics for dashboards in Azure DevOps.
`Which chart widgets should you recommend for each metric? To answer, drag the appropriate chart widgets to the correct metrics. Each chart widget may be used once, more than once, or not at all. You may need to drag the split bar between panes or scroll to view content.



#### 0033::You manage an Azure web app that supports an e-commerce website.
`You need to increase the logging level when the web app exceeds normal usage patterns. The solution must minimize administrative overhead.
`Which two resources should you include in the solution? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.

- [x] an Azure Automation runbook
- [x] an Azure Monitor alert that has a dynamic threshold
- [ ] an Azure Monitor alert that has a static threshold
- [ ] the Azure Monitor autoscale settings
- [ ] an Azure Monitor alert that uses an action group that has an email action


#### 0034::



#### 0035::You have a Microsoft ASP.NET Core web app in Azure that is accessed worldwide.
`You need to run a URL ping test once every five minutes and create an alert when the web app is unavailable from specific Azure regions. The solution must minimize development time.
`What should you do?

- [ ] Create an Azure Monitor Availability metric and alert.
- [x] Create an Azure Application Insights availability test and alert.
- [ ] Write an Azure function and deploy the function to the specific regions.
- [ ] Create an Azure Service Health alert for the specific regions.


#### 0036::You have a multi-tier application. The front end of the application is hosted in Azure App Service.
`You need to identify the average load times of the application pages.
What should you use?

- [x] Azure Application Insights
- [ ] the activity log of the App Service
- [ ] the diagnostics logs of the App Service
- [ ] Azure Advisor


#### 0037::You need to create an instance of Azure Application Insights named az400-123456789-main and configure the instance to receive telemetry data from an Azure web app named az400-123456789-main.
`To complete this task, sign in to the Microsoft Azure portal.




#### 0038::Your company uses ServiceNow for incident management.
`You develop an application that runs on Azure.
`The company needs to generate a ticket in ServiceNow when the application fails to authenticate.
`Which Azure Log Analytics solution should you use?

- [ ] Application Insights Connector
- [ ] Automation & Control
- [x] IT Service Management Connector (ITSM)
- [ ] Insight & Analytics


#### 0039::Your company is building a new web application.
`You plan to collect feedback from pilot users on the features being delivered.
`All the pilot users have a corporate computer that has Google Chrome and the Microsoft Test & Feedback extension installed. The pilot users will test the application by using Chrome.
`You need to identify which access levels are required to ensure that developers can request and gather feedback from the pilot users. The solution must use the principle of least privilege.
`Which access levels in Azure DevOps should you identify? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.



#### 0040::You use Azure SQL Database Intelligent Insights and Azure Application Insights for monitoring.
`You need to write ad-hoc queries against the monitoring data.
`Which query language should you use?

- [x] Kusto Query Language (KQL)
- [ ] PL/pgSQL
- [ ] PL/SQL
- [ ] Transact-SQL


#### 0041::
`Your company creates a web application.
`You need to recommend a solution that automatically sends to Microsoft Teams a daily summary of the exceptions that occur in the application.
`Which two Azure services should you recommend? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.

- [x] Azure Logic Apps
- [ ] Azure Pipelines
- [ ] Microsoft Visual Studio App Center
- [ ] Azure DevOps Project
- [x] Azure Application Insights


#### 0042::
`Your company wants to use Azure Application Insights to understand how user behaviors affect an application.
`Which Application Insights tool should you use to analyze each behavior? To answer, drag the appropriate tools to the correct behaviors. Each tool may be used once, more than once, or not at all. You may need to drag the split bar between panes or scroll to view content.


#### 0043::
`Your company is building a mobile app that targets Android and iOS devices.
`Your team uses Azure DevOps to manage all work items and release cycles.
`You need to recommend a solution to perform the following tasks:
`✑ Collect crash reports for issue analysis.
`✑ Distribute beta releases to your testers.
`✑ Get user feedback on the functionality of new apps.
`What should you include in the recommendation?

- [ ] the Microsoft Test & Feedback extension
- [x] Microsoft Visual Studio App Center integration
- [ ] Azure Application Insights widgets
- [ ] Jenkins integration


#### 0044::
`You have an Azure DevOps project named Project1 and an Azure subscription named Sub1. Sub1 contains an Azure virtual machine scale set named VMSS1.
`VMSS1 hosts a web application named WebApp1. WebApp1 uses stateful sessions.
`The WebApp1 installation is managed by using the Custom Script extension. The script resides in an Azure Storage account named sa1.
`You plan to make a minor change to a UI element of WebApp1 and to gather user feedback about the change.
`You need to implement limited user testing for the new version of WebApp1 on VMSS1.
`Which three actions should you perform? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.

- [ ] Modify the load balancer settings of VMSS1.
- [ ] Redeploy VMSS1.
- [x] Upload a custom script file to sa1.
- [x] Modify the Custom Script extension settings of VMSS1.
- [x] Update the configuration of a virtual machine in VMSS1.


#### 0045::
`You need to create a notification if the peak average response time of an Azure web app named az400-123456789-main is more than five seconds when evaluated during a five-minute period. The notification must trigger the "https://contoso.com/notify" webhook.
`To complete this task, sign in to the Microsoft Azure portal.



#### 0046::
`You need to create and configure an Azure Storage account named az400lod123456789stor in a resource group named RG1lod123456789 to store the boot diagnostics for a virtual machine named VM1.
`To complete this task, sign in to the Microsoft Azure portal.



#### 0047::
`You have a web app that connects to an Azure SQL Database named db1.
`You need to configure db1 to send Query Store runtime statistics to Azure Log Analytics.
`To complete this task, sign in to the Microsoft Azure portal.



#### 0048::
`You have several Azure virtual machines that run Windows Server 2019.
`You need to identify the distinct event IDs of each virtual machine as shown in the following table.
`
`How should you complete the Azure Monitor query? To answer, drag the appropriate values to the correct locations. Each value may be used once, more than once, or not at all. You may need to drag the split bar between panes or scroll to view content.



#### 0049::
`You have an Azure web app named Webapp1.
`You need to use an Azure Monitor query to create a report that details the top 10 pages of Webapp1 that failed.
`How should you complete the query? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.

- [ ] No adjustment required.
- [x] Azure Application Insights
- [ ] Azure Log Analytics
- [ ] Azure Advisor


