##   git#21-40



#### Q21. Which statement is true when you use the git add -A command?

- [ ] Only new files in the working directory are staged to the index.
- [x] All new and updated files from the working directory are staged to the index.
- [ ] All files in the working directory are staged to the index in alphabetical order.
- [ ] Only updated files in the working directory are staged to the index.

#### Q22. You find that your project has a tag and branch both named push-notifications, which causes confusion when trying to print out given reference. How can you specify which branch you want to look at?

- [ ] use git show refs/push-notifications
- [ ] use git show push-notifications
- [ ] use git show head/refs/push-notifications
- [x] use git show refs/head/push-notifications



#### Q23. Your team lead needs a list of all commits that will be moved before you perform a rebase. Which command can you use to access that information?

- [ ] git rebase -log
- [x] git rebase -i
- [ ] git rebase -verbose
- [ ] git rebase -all

#### Q24. What is the operation doing given the Git commands below?
```
`git bisect start
`git bisect bad 5d41402abc4b2a76b9719d911017c592
`git bisect good 69faab6268350295550de7d587bc323d
```

- [ ] It runs a merge of a good commit that is discovered using a known bad commit and known good commit
- [ ] It marks a commit for deletion using a known bad commit and known good commit to determine which commit introduced a bug
- [ ] It defines a bad commit and resets the HEAD using a known bad commit and known good commit
- [x] It performs a binary search using a known bad commit and known good commit to determine which commit introduced a bug

#### Q25. In a situation where you have several commits for a single task, what is the most efficient way to restructure your commit history?

- [ ] Cherry pick the related commits to another branch.
- [ ] Delete the task commits and recommit with a new message.
- [x] Squash the related commits together into a single coherent commit.
- [ ] Stash the related commits under a new hash.

#### Q26. Which of the following is true of the git push command?

- [x] By default a push doesn't send tags to the remote repository.
- [ ] Commits can only be tagged when they are created.
- [ ] Tags are pushed to the remote repository with their respective commits.
- [ ] Only annotated tags are automatically pushed to the remote repository with a commit.

#### Q27. After pushing commits to the remote repository for the first time using the command below, what shorthand command can you use in future?
```bash
`git push -u origin master
```

- [ ] git push master
- [ ] git push origin
- [ ] Same as before, git push -u origin master
- [x] git push

#### Q28. How would you create a custom shortcut or command across your git environment?

- [ ] Run git hotfix with the shortcut name.
- [ ] Assign a shortcut or command using git options file.
- [ ] Use the git custom-key command.
- [x] Create an alias usin the git config command.

#### Q29. What is the status of the beta-notes.js file in the following output?
```shell
`Changes not staged for commit:
`(use "git add <file>..." to update what will be committed)
`(use "git checkout -- <file>..." to discard changes in working directory)
`modified: beta-notes.js
```

- [ ] beta-notes.js is untracked and has been modified.
- [x] beta-notes.js is a tracked file and has been modified, but has not been added to the current commit.
- [ ] beta-notes.js is untracked but has been added to the current commit.
- [ ] beta-notes.js is tracked, and the modified file has been added to the current commit.

#### Q30. What command would let you modify your previous commit?

- [ ] --fix
- [ ] --quickfix
- [ ] --modify
- [x] --amend

#### Q31. What is the best way to characterize the git commit structure?

- [ ] Data array
- [x] Data log
- [ ] Data snapshot
- [ ] Data dictionary

#### Q32. What change will the following command make to the staging area files?
`git rm --cached testfile.js`

- [x] testfile.js will be removed from the staging area and its changes no longer tracked.
- [ ] testfile.js will be removed from the staging area but its changes will still be tracked.
- [ ] A copy of testfile.js will be cached on your desktop.
- [ ] The current copy of testfile.js will be saved in the staging area.

#### Q33. After you've successfully merged two branches and committed the changes, what is the next step in keeping your git structure organized?

- [ ] Use the git reset --soft HEAD to roll back one commit.
- [ ] Run git branch -d `<branch name>` to delete the merged branch.
- [ ] Use git clear-all to clean up any hanging files.
- [x] Run git rebase to move the current commit to its original location.

#### Q34. While modifying a file, you're unexpectedly assigned an urgent bug fix on another branch. How can you temporarily save your local work without committing?

- [ ] This is not possible, as you cannot save locally without committing.
- [ ] Run git hold to save a local copy of what you're doing to return to later.
- [ ] Save your work with git local-cache.
- [x] Use git stash to save your work and come back later and reapply the stashed commit.

#### Q35. What command would you use to create a new git repository?

- [ ] git add
- [ ] git start
- [ ] git new
- [x] git init

#### Q36. While working on a feature branch you try to use "git rerere" to solve a recurring merge conflict but nothing is happening. What could be causing this issue?

- [ ] The "-all" option isn't added to the command.
- [x] "rerere.enabled" isn't enable in the config file.
- [ ] The commit hash is missing.
- [ ] The filepath isn't specified.

#### Q37. Which setting determines what pager is used when Git pages output?

- [ ] core.page
- [ ] page
- [ ] pager
- [x] core.pager

#### Q38. What does commit object contain?

- [ ] A set of files, representing the state of a project at a given point of time.
- [ ] Reference to parent commit objects.
- [x] An SHA1 name, a 40-character string that uniquely identifies the commit object.

#### Q39. Which option enables inclusion of committer name in custom log format?

- [ ] %ce
- [ ] %cr
- [ ] %cd
- [x] %cn

#### Q40. How many ways are present in Git to integrate changes from one branch into another?

- [ ] 3
- [ ] 5
- [x] 2
- [ ] 4

- 