##   git#41-60


#### Q41. Which user should be created first during setting up of SSH?

- [x] git
- [ ] admin
- [ ] root
- [ ] None of these

#### Q42. Which command will list tags with the 1.4.2 series?

- [ ] git tag 'v1.4.2'
- [x] git tag -I 'v1.4.2.\*'
- [ ] git tag-list 'v1.4.2\*'
- [ ] git tag 'v1.4.2\*'

#### Q43. Which of the following is an integration manager?

- [ ] lieutenants
- [x] benevolent dictator
- [ ] Depends upon project type
- [ ] Depends upon data

#### Q44. Which Git command begins tracking of a new file?

- [x] add
- [ ] addfile
- [ ] begin
- [ ] track

#### Q45. Which of the following is called dumb protocol? ok

- [ ] All of these
- [ ] SSH
- [ ] Git
- [x] HTTP

#### Q46. Which key press returns a set of suggestions to pick from, when writing a Git command?

- [ ] Control
- [ ] Shift
- [x] Tab
- [ ] Alt

#### Q47. Which of these terms best describes Git?

- [x] Distributed Version Control System
- [ ] Issue Tracking System
- [ ] Integrated Development Environment
- [ ] Web-Based Repository Hosting Service

#### Q48. Which command gets a copy of an existing Git repository?

- [ ] duplicate
- [ ] replicate
- [ ] copy
- [x] clone

#### Q49. How does Git think of its data?

- [ ] File
- [ ] None of these
- [x] Snapshot
- [ ] Folder

#### Q50. Which option enables inclusion of author name in custom log format?

- [ ] %am
- [ ] %ad
- [ ] %ae
- [x] %an

#### Q51. Which version onwards did Git offer reversing a file back to what it looked like when last committed?

- [ ] 1.7
- [x] 1.6
- [ ] 2.0
- [ ] 1.8

#### Q52. Which strategy is used by Git for merging two branches?

- [ ] LIFO
- [x] recursive
- [ ] FIFO
- [ ] octopus

#### Q53. What does refs store?

- [x] SHA-1 value
- [ ] None of these
- [ ] Branch name
- [ ] Project name

#### Q54. What Language is used in GIT? ok

- [x] C
- [ ] C++
- [ ] C#
- [ ] Java

#### Q55. What is usually the extension of file which has the public key?

- [ ] ssh
- [x] pub
- [ ] key
- [ ] pk

#### Q56. What is the difference between initializing a normal repo and a bare repo?

- [ ] Bare repos store their git history in a .git subfolder.
- [ ] Bare repos do not have the .git extension.
- [x] Bare repos do not come with working or checked-out source files.
- [ ] Bare repos should be used for local rather than remote repos.

#### Q57. How many individual commits can a single repository have?

- [x] any number of commits
- [ ] only one commit local per repository
- [ ] only three commits per branch
- [ ] only one commit per HEAD

#### Q58. What types of tags does Git support?

- [ ] heavy and concise
- [ ] lightweight and immutable
- [ ] heavy and annotated
- [x] lightweight and annotated

#### Q59. After staging a series of changes to the index, which command could you use to review them prior to a commit?

- [x] git diff --cached
- [ ] git diff
- [ ] git diff --HEAD
- [ ] git status -v -v

#### Q60. What does the git stash drop command do?

- [x] removes the most recent stash entry
- [ ] deletes the stash
- [ ] lists everything in the stash
- [ ] throws away the oldest entry

