##   n126-150_reals


#### Q126. You need to purchase a third-party virtual security appliance that you will deploy to an Azure subscription. What should you use?

- [ ] Azure subscriptions
- [ ] B. Azure Security Center
- [x] C. Azure Marketplace
- [ ] D. Microsoft Store

#### Q127. Executes code

- [x] Azure Functions
- [ ] Azure Logic App

#### Q2. is always stateful

- [x] Azure Functions
- [ ] Azure Logic App

#### Q2. Runs only in the cloud

- [ ] Azure Functions
- [x] Azure Logic App


#### Q128. An Availability Zone in Azure has physically separate locations

- [ ] across two continents
- [x] within a single Azure region
- [ ] within multiple Azure regions
within a single Azure datacenter

#### Q129. Provides the platform for serverless code

- [ ] Azure Databricks
- [x] Azure Functions
- [ ] Azure App Service
- [ ] Azure Application Insights

#### Q129. A big data analysis service for machine learning

- [x] Azure Databricks
- [ ] Azure Functions
- [ ] Azure App Service
- [ ] Azure Application Insights

#### Q129. Detects and diagnoses anomalies in web apps

- [ ] Azure Databricks
- [ ] Azure Functions
- [ ] Azure App Service
- [x] Azure Application Insights

#### Q129. Hosts web apps

- [ ] Azure Databricks
- [ ] Azure Functions
- [x] Azure App Service
- [ ] Azure Application Insights

#### Q130. A team of developers at your company plans to deploy, and then remove, 50 customized virtual machines each week. Thirty of the virtual machines run Windows Server 2016 and 20 of the virtual machines run Ubuntu Linux. You need to recommend which Azure service will minimize the administrative effort required to deploy and remove the virtual machines. What should you recommend?

- [ ] Azure Reserved Virtual Machines (VM) Instances
- [ ] Azure virtual machine scale sets
- [x] Azure DevTest Labs
- [ ] Microsoft Managed Desktop


03 mars 2022 ended




















#### Q4. The Archive access tier is set at the storage account level

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No


#### Q4. The Hot access tier is recommended for data that is accessed and modified frequently

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No


#### Q4. The cool access tier is recommended for long term backups. 

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### Q125. What is the most severe failure from which an Azure Availability Zone can be used to protect access to Azure service?

- [ ] a physical server failure
- [ ] an Azure region failure
- [ ] a storage failure
- [x] an Azure data center failure













#### Q111. North America is represented by a single Azure region
- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### Q111. Every Azure region has multiple datacenters
- [x] Yes
- [ ] No

#### Q111. DataTransfers between Azure services located in diffirent Azure regions are always free
- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### Q7. You plan to deploy several Azure virtual machines. You need to ensure that the services running on the virtual machines are available if a single data center fails. Solution: You deploy the virtual machines to two or more scale sets. 

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### Q113. You need to be notified when Microsoft plans to perform maintenance that can affect the resources deployed to an Azure subscription. What should you use?

- [ ] Azure Monitor
- [x] Azure Service Health
- [ ] Azure Advisor
- [ ] Microsoft Trust Center

#### Q114. A managed service that provides bidirectional communication between IoT devices and Azure

- [ ] Azure Sphere
- [x] IoT Central
- [ ] IoT Hub

#### Q114. A fully managed SaaS solution to connect, monitor, and manage IoT devices at scale

- [ ] Azure Sphere
- [x] IoT Central
- [ ] IoT Hub

#### Q114. A software and hardware solution that provides communication and security features for IoT devices 

- [x] Azure Sphere
- [ ] IoT Central
- [ ] IoT Hub

#### Q115. A Windows Virtual Desktop session host can run Windows 10 only

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### Q115. A Windows Virtual DEsktop host pool that includes 20 session hosts supports a maximum of 20 simultaneous user connections. 

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### Q115. Windows Virtual Desktop supports desktop and app virtualization. 

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No


#### Q116. ...... can calculate cost savings due to reduced electricity consumtion as a result of migrating on-premises Microsoft SQL servers to Azure. 

- [ ] The Azure Migrate: Server Assessment tool 
- [x] The Azure Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) calculator
- [ ] The Database Migration Assistant
- [ ] The pricing calculator in Azure

#### Q117. You can use Availability Zones in Azure to protect Azure VM from a datacenter failure. 

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No


#### Q117. You can use Availability Zones in Azure to protect Azure VM from a region failure. 

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### Q117. You can use Availability Zones in Azure to protect Azure managed disks from a datacenter failure. 

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No


#### Q18. An Azure subscription can have multiple account administrators

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### Q18. An Azure subscription can be managed by using a Microsoft account only

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No


#### Q18. An Azure resource group can contain multiple Azure subscriptions

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### Q119. An Azure Region ..... 

- [x] contains one or more data centers that are connected by using a low-latency network
- [ ] is found in each country where Microsoft has a subsidiary office. 
- [ ] can be found in every country in Europe and the Americas only. 
- [ ] contains one or more data centers that are connected by using a high-latency natwork. 


#### Q120. To use Azure Active Direcotry (Azure AD) credentials to sign in to a computer that runs Windows 10, the computer must be joined to Azure AD

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No

#### Q120. Users in Azure Directory (Azure AD) are organised by using resource groups. 

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### Q120. Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) groups support dynamic membership rules. 

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No



























#### Q101. You plan to map a network drive from several computers that run Windows 10 to Azure Storage. You need to create a storage solution in Azure for the planned mapped drive. What should you create? 

- [ ] an Azure SQL database
- [ ] a virtual machine data disk
- [x] a File service in a storage account
- [ ] a Blob service in a storage account

#### Q17. You plan to implement an Azure database solution. You need to implement a database solution that meets the following requirements:
`✑ Can add data concurrently from multiple regions
`✑ Can store JSON documents
`Which database service should you deploy? To answer, select the appropriate service in the `answer area.

- [x] Azure Cosmos DB
- [ ] SQL Elastic pool 
- [ ] Managed Database 
- [ ] Azure Cache for Redis


#### Q103. Your company plans to start using Azure and will migrate all its network resources to Azure. You need to start the planning process by exploring Azure. What should you create first?

- [x] a subscription
- [ ] a resource group
- [ ] a virtual network
- [ ] a management group

#### Q104. All the Azure resources deployed to a resource group must use the same Azure region

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### Q104. If you assign a tag to a ressource group, all the Azure resources in that resource group are assigned to the same tag

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### Q104. If you assign permissions for a user to manage a resource group, the user can manage all the Azure resources in the resource group. 

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No

#### Q105. Data that is stored in the Archive access tier of an Azure Storage account

- [ ] can be accessed at any time by using azcopy.exe
- [x] can only be read by using Azure Backup
- [ ] must be restored before the data can be accessed
- [ ] must be rehydrated before the data can be accessed

#### Q21. You plan to deploy a critical line-of-business application to Azure. The application will run on an Azure virtual machine. You need to recommend a deployment solution for the application. The solution must provide a guaranteed availability of 99.99 percent. What is the minimum number of virtual machines and the minimum number of availability zones you should recommend for the deployment? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.

- [ ] minimum number of VM and availability zones 1
- [x] minimum number of VM and availability zones 2
- [ ] minimum number of VM and availability zones 3


#### Q107. Which Azure service should you use to collect events from multiple resources into a centralized repository?

- [x] Azure Event Hubs
- [ ] Azure Analysis Services
- [ ] Azure Monitor
- [ ] Azure Stream Analytics

#### Q108. An Availability zone in Azure has physically seperate locations

- [ ] across two continents
- [x] within a single Azure region
- [ ] within multiple Azure regions
- [ ] within a single Azure Datacenter

#### Q109. Data that is stored in an Azure Storage account automatically  has at least three copies

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No

#### Q109. All data that is copied to an Azure Storage account is backed up automatically to another Azure data center

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### Q109. An Azure Storage account can contain up to 2 TB of data and up to one million files. 

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### Q110 . If you have Azure resource deployed to every region, you can implement availability zones in all the regions

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### Q110 . Only virtual machines that run Windows Server can be created in availability zones. 

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### Q110 . Availability zones are used to replicate data and applications to multiple regions. 

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No