##   n171-195_reals


#### Q171. An Azure administrator plans to run a PowerShell script that creates Azure resources. You need to recommend which computer configuration to use to run the script. Which three computers can run the script? Each correct answer presents a complete solution.

- [x] a computer that runs macOS and has PowerShell Core 6.0 installed.
- [x] a computer that runs Windows 10 and has the Azure PowerShell module installed.
- [ ] a computer that runs Linux and has the Azure PowerShell module installed.
- [ ] a computer that runs Linux and has the Azure CLI tools installed.
- [x] a computer that runs Chrome OS and uses Azure Cloud Shell.

#### Q2. From Azure documentation, you have the following command that creates a virtual machine named VM1. az vm create --resource-group RG1 --name VM1 --image UbuntuLTS --generate-ssh-keys You need to create VM1 in Subscription1 by using the command. Solution: From the Azure portal, launch Azure Cloud Shell and select Bash. Run the command in Cloud Shell.

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No

#### Q3. Each business unit requires 20 different Azure resources for daily operation. All the business units require the same type of Azure resources. You need to recommend a solution to automate the creation of the Azure resources. What should you include in the recommendations?

- [x] Azure Resource Manager templates
- [ ] virtual machine scale sets
- [ ] the Azure API Management service
- [ ] management groups

#### Q4. You can use Azure Cost Management to view costs associates to management groups. 

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### Q4. You can use Azure Cost Management to view costs associates to ressource groups. 

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No

#### Q4. You can use Azure Cost Management to view the usage of VM during the last three months

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No


#### Q4. You have several VM in Azure subscription. You create a new subscription. 

- [ ] The VM cannot be moved to the new subscription
- [x] The VM can be moved to the new subscription. 
- [ ] The VM can be moved to the new subscriptoin only if they are all in the same resource group
- [ ] The VM can be moved to the new subscription only if they run Windows Server 2019

#### Q4. What can you use to identify underutilized or unused Azure virtual machines?

- [x] Azure Advisor
- [ ] Azure Cost Management + Billing
- [ ] Azure reservations
- [ ] Azure Policy

#### Q4. You plan to implement several security services for an Azure environment. You need to identify which Azure services must be used to meet the following security requirements:
`✑ Monitor threats by using sensors 
`✑ Enforce Azure Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) based on a condition
`Which Azure service should you identify for each requirement? 
`For Monitor threats by using sensors

- [ ] Azure Monitor
- [ ] Azure Security Center
- [ ] Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) Identity protection
- [x] Azure Advanced thread Protection (ATP)

#### Q4. You plan to implement several security services for an Azure environment. You need to identify which Azure services must be used to meet the following security requirements:
`✑ Monitor threats by using sensors 
`✑ Enforce Azure Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) based on a condition
`Which Azure service should you identify for each requirement? 
`For Enforce Azure MFA based on a condition : 

- [ ] Azure Monitor
- [ ] Azure Security Center
- [x] Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) Identity protection
- [ ] Azure Advanced thread Protection (ATP)

#### Q4. Your Azure environment contains multiple Azure virtual machines. You need to ensure that a virtual machine named VM1 is accessible from the Internet over HTTP. What are two possible solutions? Each correct answer presents a complete solution.

- [ ] Modify an Azure Traffic Manager profile
- [x] Modify a network security group (NSG)
- [ ] Modify a DDoS protection plan
- [x] Modify an Azure firewall

#### Q4. You can enable just in time (JIT) VM access by using 

- [ ] Azure Bastion
- [ ] Azure Firewall
- [ ] Azure Front Door
- [x] Azure Security Center

#### Q4. You can associate a network security group (NSG)  to a virtual network subnet. 

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No


#### Q4. You can associate a network security group (NSG)  to a virtual network. 

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### Q4. You can associate a network securitygroup (NSG)  to a network interface. 

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No















































#### Q81. You have an Azure environment that contains 10 virtual networks and 100 virtual machines. You need to limit the amount of inbound traffic to all the Azure virtual networks. What should you create?

- [ ] one application security group (ASG)
- [ ] 10 virtual network gateways
- [ ] 10 Azure ExpressRoute circuits
- [x] one Azure firewall

#### Q4. This question requires that you evaluate the underlined text to determine if it is correct. 
`Azure Key Vault is used to store secrets for Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) user accounts. 

- [ ] No change is needed
- [ ] Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) administrative accounts
- [ ] Personally Identifiable Information (PII)
- [x] server applications

#### Q4. Your company plans to automate the deployment of servers to Azure. Your manager is concerned that you may expose administrative credentials during the deployment. You need to recommend an Azure solution that encrypts the administrative credentials during the deployment.

- [x] Azure Key Vault
- [ ] Azure Information Protection
- [ ] Azure Security Center
- [ ] Azure Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA)

#### Q5. You plan to deploy several Azure virtual machines. You need to control the ports that devices on the Internet can use to access the virtual machines. What should you use?

- [x] a network security group (NSG)
- [ ] an Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) role
- [ ] an Azure Active Directory group
- [ ] an Azure key vault

#### Q5. After you create a VM, you need to modify the ........ to allow connections to TCP port 8080 on the VM 

- [x] network security group (NSG)
- [ ] virtual network getaway
- [ ] virtual network
- [ ] route table

#### Q5. You can create custom Azure roles to control access to resource

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No


#### Q6. A user account can be assigned to multiple Azure roles

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No


#### Q6. A ressource group can have the Owner role assigned to multiple users. 

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### Q6. Your Azure environment contains multiple Azure virtual machines. You need to ensure that a virtual machine named VM1 is accessible from the Internet over HTTP. Solution: You modify a network security group (NSG).

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No


#### Q6. Your Azure environment contains multiple Azure virtual machines. You need to ensure that a virtual machine named VM1 is accessible from the Internet over HTTP. Solution: You modify a DDoS protection plan.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### Q7. You need to collect and automatically analyze security events from Azure Active Directory (Azure AD). What should you use?

- [x] Azure Sentinel
- [ ] Azure Synapse Analytics
- [ ] Azure AD Connect
- [ ] Azure Key Vault

#### Q190. Your Azure environment contains multiple Azure virtual machines. You need to ensure that a virtual machine named VM1 is accessible from the Internet over HTTP. Solution: You modify an Azure firewall.

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No











































#### Q191. Your Azure environment contains multiple Azure virtual machines. You need to ensure that a virtual machine named VM1 is accessible from the Internet over HTTP. Solution: You modify an Azure Traffic Manager profile. Does this meet the goal?

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### Q8. Your company plans to deploy several web servers and several database servers to Azure. You need to recommend an Azure solution to limit the types of connections from the web servers to the database servers. What should you include in the recommendation?

- [x] network security groups (NSGs)
- [ ] Azure Service Bus
- [ ] a local network gateway
- [ ] a route filter

#### Q193. From ... you can view which user turned off a specyfic VM during the last 14 days. 

- [ ] Azure Access Control IAM 
- [ ] Azure Event Hubs
- [x] Azure Activity Log
- [ ] Azure Service Health

#### Q9. Which service provides network traffic filtering across multiple Azure subscriptions and virtual networks?

- [x] Azure Firewall
- [ ] an application security group
- [ ] Azure DDoS protection
- [ ] a network security group (NSG)

#### Q9. Which Azure service should you use to store certificates?

- [ ] Azure Security Center
- [ ] an Azure Storage account
- [x] Azure Key Vault
- [ ] Azure Information Protection

#### Q9. Which Azure service can you use as a security information and event management (SIEM) solution?

- [ ] Azure Analysis Services
- [x] Azure Sentinel
- [ ] Azure Information Protection
- [ ] Azure Cognitive Services

#### Q197. Azure Sentinel stores collected events in an Azure Storage account. 

- [x] Yes 
- [ ] No


#### Q197. Azure Sentinel can remediate incidents automatically

- [x] Yes 
- [ ] No


#### Q197. Azure Sentinel can collect Windows Defender Firewall logs from Azure VM 

- [x] Yes 
- [ ] No
