##   n196-220-reals


#### Q198. Analyze security log files from Azure VM 

- [ ] Azure ctive Directory (Azure AD)
- [ ] Azure Key Vault
- [ ] Azure Lighthouse
- [ ] Azure Security Center
- [x] Azure Sentinel

#### Q11. Display the secure score for Azure subscription

- [ ] Azure ctive Directory (Azure AD)
- [ ] Azure Key Vault
- [ ] Azure Lighthouse
- [x] Azure Security Center
- [ ] Azure Sentinel
#### Q11. Store passwords for use by Azure Function applications

- [ ] Azure ctive Directory (Azure AD)
- [x] Azure Key Vault
- [ ] Azure Lighthouse
- [ ] Azure Security Center
- [ ] Azure Sentinel

#### Q199. Azure Firewall will encrypt all the network traffic sent from Azure to the internet

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### Q11. A network security group (NSG) will encrypt all the network traffic sent from Azure to the internet

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### Q11. Azure VM that run Windozs Server 2016 can encrypt network traffic sent to the internet

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### Q200. Azure Security Center can monitor Azure resources and on-premises resources

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No

#### Q200. All Azure Security Center features are free

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### Q200. From Azure Security Center, you can download a Regulatory Compliance report

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No






















#### Q201. You need to complete the defense-in-depth strategy used in a datacenter.

- [ ] Perimeter / Identity & Access / Application / Network / Compute / Physical security / Data
- [ ] Physical Security / Identity & Access / Application / Network / Compute / Perimeter / Data
- [x] Physical Security / Identity & Access / Perimeter / Network / Compute / Application / Data
- [ ] Application / Identity & Access / Physical Security / Network / Compute / Perimeter / Data

#### Q202. You have an Azure virtual machine named VM1. You plan to encrypt VM1 by using Azure Disk Encryption. Which Azure resource must you create first?

- [ ] an Azure Storage account
- [x] an Azure Key Vault
- [ ] an Azure Information Protection policy
- [ ] an Encryption key

#### Q12. Which resources can be used as a source for a Network security group inbound security rule?

- [ ] Service Tags only
- [x] IP Addresses, Service tags and Application security groups
- [ ] Application security groups only
- [ ] IP Addresses only

#### Q12. Azure Sentinel uses playbooks to

- [x] automatically respond to threats
- [ ] collect data from Azure services
- [ ] specify how long data is retained
- [ ] store passwords and certyficates

#### Q12. ..... in Azure Firewall enables users on the internet to access a server on virtual network

- [ ] Application rules
- [x] Network Address Translation (NAT) rules
- [ ] Network rules
- [ ] Service tags


#### Q12. Azure distributed denial of service (DDoS) protection is an example of protection that is implemented at the 

- [ ] application layer
- [ ] compute layer
- [x] networking layer
- [ ] perimeter layer


#### Q12. You have an Azure Sentinel workspace. You need to automate responses to threats detected by Azure Sentinel. What should you use?

- [ ] adaptive network hardening in Azure Security Center
- [ ] Azure Service Health
- [x] Azure Monitor workbooks
- [ ] adaptive application controls in Azure Security Center

#### Q12. You need to configure an Azure solution that meets the following requirements:
`✑ Secures websites from attacks
`✑ Generates reports that contain details of attempted attacks
`What should you include in the solution?

- [ ] Azure Firewall
- [ ] a network security group (NSG)
- [ ] Azure Information Protection
- [x] DDoS protection

#### Q12. Your company has an Azure subscription that contains resources in several regions. You need to create the Azure resource that must be used to meet the policy requirement. What should you create?

- [ ] a read-only lock
- [x] an Azure policy
- [ ] a management group
- [ ] a reservation


#### Q210. This question requires that you evaluate the underlined text to determine if it is correct.
`From Azure Cloud Shell, you can track your companyג€™s regulatory standards and regulations, such as ISO 27001.

- [ ] No change is needed.
- [ ] the Microsoft Cloud Partner Portal
- [x] Compliance Manager
- [ ] the Trust Center































#### Q211. You can create Group Policies in Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) 

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No


#### Q211. You can join Windows 10 devices to Azure Active Direcotry (Azure AD)

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No


#### Q211. You can join Android  devices to Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) 

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### Q210. The ..... explains what data Microsoft processes, how Microsoft processes the data and the purpose of processing the data 

- [x] Microsoft Online Services Privacy Statement
- [ ] Microsoft Product Terms
- [ ] Microsoft Online Service Level Agreement
- [ ] Online Subscription Agreement for Microsoft Azure

#### Q210. .... is the process of veryfying a user's credentials.

- [ ] Authorisation
- [x] Authentication
- [ ] Federation
- [ ] Ticketing

#### Q210. An Azure Policy initiative definition is a

- [x] collection of policy definitions
- [ ] collection of Azure Policy definition assignements
- [ ] group of Azure Blueprints definitions
- [ ] group of role-based access control (RBAC) role assignements

#### Q210. ..... provide organisations with the ability to manage the compliance of Azure resources across multiple subscriptions

- [ ] Resource groups
- [ ] Management groups
- [x] Azure policies
- [ ] Azure App Service plans

#### Q210. General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) defines data protection and privacy rules

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No


#### Q210. General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) applies to companies that offer goods or services to individuals in EU. 

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No


#### Q210. Azure can be used to build a General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)- compliant infrastructure. 

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No

#### Q217. You can add an Azure Resource Manager template to an Azure blueprint

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No

#### Q210. You can assign an Azure blueprint to a resource group

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### Q210. You can use Azure Blueprints to grant permissions to a resource. 

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No



#### Q218. Azure China is operated by Microsoft

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### Q210. Azure Government is operated by Microsoft

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No

#### Q210. Azure Government is available only to US government agencies and their partners. 

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No





#### Q219. An Azure resource can have miltiple Delete locks

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No


#### Q219. An Azure resource inherits locks from its resource group

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No


#### Q219. If an Azure resource has a Read-only lock, you can add a Delete lock to the resource. 

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No

#### Q220. Your company plans to migrate all on-premises data to Azure. You need to identify whether Azure complies with the companyג€™s regional requirements. What should you use?

- [ ] the Knowledge Center
- [ ] Azure Marketplace
- [ ] the MyApps portal
- [x] the Trust Center
