##   n275-300-reals

#### Q291. If An Azure virtual machine has a status of Stopped (deallocated), you will continue to pay for 

- [ ] compute capacity
- [ ] I/O operations
- [ ] networking
- [x] storeage

#### Q292. Storing 1 TB of data in Azure Blob storage will always cost the same, regardless of the Azure region in which the data is located. 

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### Q292. When you use a general-purpose v2 Azure Storage account, you are only charged for the amount of data that is stored. All read and write operations are free. 

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No
#### Q292. Transferring data between Azure Storage accounts in diffirent Azure regions is free. 

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### Q293. In Azure Active Directory Premium P2, at least 99,9 percent availability is guaranteed. 

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No


#### Q293. The Service Level Agreement (SLA) for Azure Active Directory Premium P2 is the same as the SLA for Azure Active Directory Free. 

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### Q293. All Paying Azure customers receive a credit if their monthly uptime percentage is below the guaranteed amount in the Service Level Agreement (SLA)

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No

#### Q294. Adding recource groups in an Azure subscription generates additional costs

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### Q294. Copying 10 GB of data to Azure from an on-premise network over a VPN generates additional Azure data transfer costs. 

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### Q294. Copying 10 GB of data from Azure to an on-premises network over a VPN generates additional data transfer costs. 

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No

#### Q295. Who can use the Azure Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) calculator?

- [ ]  billing readers for an Azure subscription only
- [ ]  owners for an Azure subscription only
- [x]  anyone
- [ ]  all users who have an account in Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) that is linked to an Azure subscription only
 


#### Q199. You deploy an Azure recource. The recource becomes unavailable for an extended period due to a service outage. Microsoft will ....... 

- [ ] refund your bank account
- [ ] migrate the resource to another subscription
- [x] credit your Azure account
- [ ] send you a coupon code that you can redeem for Azure credits. 


#### Q297. Which task can you perform by using Azure Advisor?

- [ ]  Integrate Active Directory and Azure Active Directory (Azure AD).
- [ ]  Estimate the costs of an Azure solution.
- [x]  Confirm that Azure subscription security follows best practices.
- [ ]  Evaluate which on-premises resources can be migrated to Azure.
 


#### Q298. If your company uses an Azure free account, you will only be able to use a subset of Azure services

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### Q298. All Azure free account axpire after a specific period

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No

#### Q298. You can create up to 10 Azure free accounts by using the same Microsoft account

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### Q299. You have an Azure application that uses the services shown in the following table. How should you calculate the composite SLA for the application?
`Azure VM 99,9% SLA
`Azure SQL Database 99,99% SLA 

- [x] 0.999 * 0.9999 = 0.9989001 = 99.89001%
- [ ] 0.999 / 0.9999 = 0.9991 = 99.91%
- [ ] Max(0.999, 0.9999) = 0.9999 = 99.99%
- [ ] Min(0.999, 0.9999) = 0.999 = 99.9%

#### Q300. All Azure services that are in public preview are 

- [ ] provided without any documentation 
- [ ] only configurable from Azure CLI
- [x] excluded from the Service Level Agreements
- [ ] only configurable from the Azure portal




fini ici 08/03/2022 18h49



























































#### Q200. Your company implements ..... automatically add a watermark to Microsoft Word documents that contain credit card information. 

- [x] Azure policies
- [ ] DDoS protection
Azure Information Protection
Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) Identity Protection

#### Q228. Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) requires the implementation of domain controllers on Azure virtual machines

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### Q228. Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) provides authentication services for resources hosted in Azure and Microsoft 365

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### Q228. Each user account in Azure Active Direcotry (Azure AD) can be assigned only one license. 

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### Q200. Which two types of customers are eligible to use Azure Government to develop a cloud solution?

- [x] a Canadian government contractor
B. a European government contractor
C. a United States government entity
D. a United States government contractor
E. a European government entity



#### Q219. To implement an Azure Multi-factor Authentication (MFA) solution, you must sync on-premises identities to the cloud

- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No


#### Q230. Two valid methods for azure Multi-factor Authentication (MFA) are picture identification and a passport number

- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No


#### Q230. Azure Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) can be required for administrative and non-administrative user accounts. 

- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No





230 end >><<<<<<<<<<<>>>>>>>>>>>