##   n275-300-reals

#### Q291. If An Azure virtual machine has a status of Stopped (deallocated), you will continue to pay for 

- [ ] compute capacity
- [ ] I/O operations
- [ ] networking
- [x] storeage

#### Q292. Storing 1 TB of data in Azure Blob storage will always cost the same, regardless of the Azure region in which the data is located. 

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### Q292. When you use a general-purpose v2 Azure Storage account, you are only charged for the amount of data that is stored. All read and write operations are free. 

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No
#### Q292. Transferring data between Azure Storage accounts in diffirent Azure regions is free. 

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### Q293. In Azure Active Directory Premium P2, at least 99,9 percent availability is guaranteed. 

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No


#### Q293. The Service Level Agreement (SLA) for Azure Active Directory Premium P2 is the same as the SLA for Azure Active Directory Free. 

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### Q293. All Paying Azure customers receive a credit if their monthly uptime percentage is below the guaranteed amount in the Service Level Agreement (SLA)

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No

#### Q294. Adding recource groups in an Azure subscription generates additional costs

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### Q294. Copying 10 GB of data to Azure from an on-premise network over a VPN generates additional Azure data transfer costs. 

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### Q294. Copying 10 GB of data from Azure to an on-premises network over a VPN generates additional data transfer costs. 

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No

#### Q295. Who can use the Azure Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) calculator?

- [ ]  billing readers for an Azure subscription only
- [ ]  owners for an Azure subscription only
- [x]  anyone
- [ ]  all users who have an account in Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) that is linked to an Azure subscription only
 


#### Q199. You deploy an Azure recource. The recource becomes unavailable for an extended period due to a service outage. Microsoft will ....... 

- [ ] refund your bank account
- [ ] migrate the resource to another subscription
- [x] credit your Azure account
- [ ] send you a coupon code that you can redeem for Azure credits. 


#### Q297. Which task can you perform by using Azure Advisor?

- [ ]  Integrate Active Directory and Azure Active Directory (Azure AD).
- [ ]  Estimate the costs of an Azure solution.
- [x]  Confirm that Azure subscription security follows best practices.
- [ ]  Evaluate which on-premises resources can be migrated to Azure.
 


#### Q298. If your company uses an Azure free account, you will only be able to use a subset of Azure services

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### Q298. All Azure free account axpire after a specific period

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No

#### Q298. You can create up to 10 Azure free accounts by using the same Microsoft account

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### Q299. You have an Azure application that uses the services shown in the following table. How should you calculate the composite SLA for the application?
`Azure VM 99,9% SLA
`Azure SQL Database 99,99% SLA 

- [x] 0.999 * 0.9999 = 0.9989001 = 99.89001%
- [ ] 0.999 / 0.9999 = 0.9991 = 99.91%
- [ ] Max(0.999, 0.9999) = 0.9999 = 99.99%
- [ ] Min(0.999, 0.9999) = 0.999 = 99.9%

#### Q300. All Azure services that are in public preview are 

- [ ] provided without any documentation 
- [ ] only configurable from Azure CLI
- [x] excluded from the Service Level Agreements
- [ ] only configurable from the Azure portal


























#### Q281. With a consumtion-based plan, you pay a fixed rate for all data sent to or from virtual machines hosted in the cloud 

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### Q281. With a consumtion-based plan, you reduce overall costs by paying only for extra capacity when it is required 

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No



#### Q281. Serverless computing is an example of a consumtion-based plan. 

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No

#### Q282. The cost of Azure resources can vary between regions. 

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No

#### Q282. An Azure reservation is used to reserve server capacity at a specific data center

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No


#### Q282. You can stop an Azure SQL Database instance to decrease costs. 

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### Q283. You have an application that is comprised of an Azure web app that has a Service Level Agreement (SLA) of 99,95 percent and an Azure SQL database that has an SLA of 99,99 percent; The composite SLA for the application is: 

- [x] the product of both SLAs, whitch equals 99,94 percent
- [ ] the lowest SLA associated to the application, whitch is 99,95 percent
- [ ] the highest SLA associated to the application, which is 99,99 percent
- [ ] the diffirence between the two SLAs, which is 0,05 percent


#### Q284. The Service Level Agreement (SLA) guaranteed uptime for paid Azure is at least 99,9 percent

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No


#### Q284. Companies can increase the SLQ guaranteed uptime by adding Azure resources to multiple regions

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No


#### Q284. Companies can increase the Service Level Agreement (SLA) guaranteed uptime by purchasing multiple subscriptions

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### Q285. Which statement accurately describes the Modern Lifecycle Policy for Azure services?

- [ ] Microsoft provides mainstream support for a service for five years.
- [x] Microsoft provides a minimum of 12 monthsג€™ notice before ending support for a service.
- [ ] After a service is made generally available, Microsoft provides support for the service for a minimum of four years.
- [ ] When a service is retired, you can purchase extended support for the service for up to five years.

#### Q287. You can use ...... in Azure to send email alerts when the cost of the current billing period for an Azure subscription exceeds a specyfied limit. 

- [ ] Advisor recommendations
- [ ] Access control (IAM)
- [x] budget alerts
- [ ] Compliance

#### Q288. From the Azure portal, you can distinguish between services that are generally available and services that are in public preview

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No

#### Q288. After an Azure service becomes generally available, the service is no longer updated with new features

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### Q288. When you create Azure resources for a service in public preview, you must recreate the resource once the service becomes generally available

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### Q289. When using an Azure ExpressRoute connection, inbound data traffic from an on-premises network to Azure is always free

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No

#### Q289. Outbound data traffic from Azure to an on-premises network is always free

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### Q289. Data traffic between Azure services within the same Azure region is always free. 

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No


#### Q290. Your company has an Azure subscription that contains the following unused resources:
`✑ 20 user accounts in Azure Active Directory (Azure AD)
`✑ Five groups in Azure AD
`✑ 10 public IP addresses
`✑ 10 network interfaces
`You need to reduce the Azure costs for the company.
`Which unused resources should you remove?

- [ ] the network interfaces
- [x] the public IP addresses
- [ ] the groups
- [ ] the user accounts


















#### Q275. Your Azure trial account expired last week. You are now unable to 

- [ ] Create additional Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) user accounts
- [x] start an existing Azure VM 
- [ ] access your data stored in Azure 
- [ ] access the Azure portal


#### Q276. Your company plans to purchase an Azure subscription. The companyג€™s support policy states that the Azure environment must provide an option to access support engineers by phone or email. You need to recommend which support plan meets the support policy requirement. Solution: Recommend a Professional Direct support plan.

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No




#### Q277. Your company has a Software Assurance agreement that includes Microsoft SQL Server licenses. You plan to deploy SQL Server on Azure virtual machines. What should you do to minimize licensing costs for the deployment?

- [ ] Deallocate the virtual machines during off hours.
- [x] Use Azure Hybrid Benefit.
- [ ] Configure Azure Cost Management budgets.
- [ ] Use Azure reservations.



#### Q278. Your company has 10 departments. The company plans to implement an Azure environment. You need to ensure that each department can use a different payment option for the Azure services it consumes. What should you create for each department?

- [ ] a reservation
- [x] a subscription
- [ ] a resource group
- [ ] a container instance


#### Q279. An Azure free account has a spending limit

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No

#### Q279. An Azure free account has limit of 2TB of data that can be uploaded to Azure 

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### Q279. An Azure free account can contain an unlimited number of web apps

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### Q280. An Azure service in private preview is released to all Azure customers

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### Q280. An Azure service in public preview is released to all Azure customers

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No


#### Q280. An Azure service in general availability is released to a subset of Azure customers

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No



















