##   p12-2

#### Q495. ::
`What is a characteristic of Convertible Reserved Instances (RIs)?


- [x] Users can exchange Convertible RIs for other Convertible RIs from a different instance family
- [ ] Users can exchange Convertible RIs for other Convertible RIs in different AWS Regions
- [ ] Users can sell and buy Convertible RIs on the AWS Marketplace
- [ ] Users can shorten the term of their Convertible RIs by merging them with other Convertible RIs

#### Q496. ::
`A company wants to deploy and manage a Docker based application on AWS.
`
`Which solution meets these requirements with the LEAST amount of operational overhead?

- [ ] An open source Docker orchestrator on Amazon EC2 instances
- [ ] AWS AppSync
- [ ] Amazon Elastic Container Registry (Amazon ECR)
- [x] Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS)

#### Q497. ::
`Which of the following is an advantage of AWS Cloud computing?

- [ ] Trade security for elasticity
- [ ] Trade operational excellence for agility
- [x] Trade fixed expenses for variable expenses
- [ ] Trade elasticity for performance

#### Q498. ::
`According to the AWS shared responsibility model which of the following are AWS responsibilities? (Choose two.)

- [x] Network infrastructure and virtualization of infrastructure
- [ ] Security of application data
- [ ] Guest operating systems
- [x] Physical security of hardware
- [ ] Credentials and policies

#### Q499. ::
`A company plans to migrate its application to AWS and run the application on Amazon EC2 instances. The application will have continuous usage for 1 year.
`
`Which EC2 instance purchasing option will meet these requirements MOST cost effectively?

- [x] Reserved Instances
- [ ] Spot Instances
- [ ] On Demand Instances
- [ ] Dedicated Hosts

#### Q500. ::
`Which of the following are AWS Cloud design principles? (Choose two.)

- [ ] Pay for compute resources in advance
- [ ] Make data driven decisions to determine cloud architectural design
- [ ] Emphasize manual processes to allow for changes
- [x] Test systems at production scale
- [x] Refine operational procedures infrequently

#### Q501. ::
`A company needs to receive notification when a deployed workload is using more than a certain percentage of a service quota.
`
`Which AWS service should the company use to meet this requirement?

- [ ] AWS Config
- [x] AWS CloudTrail
- [ ] AWS Trusted Advisor
- [ ] AWS Lambda

#### Q502. ::
`A company wants to continuously monitor its AWS accounts and workloads for malicious activity. The company also wants to receive detailed security findings for visibility and remediation.
`
`Which AWS service should the company use to meet these requirements?

- [x] Amazon GuardDuty
- [ ] AWS Shield
- [ ] AWS WAP
- [ ] AWS CloudTrail

#### Q503. ::
`Which design principle should be considered when architecting in the AWS Cloud?

- [ ] Think of servers as non-disposable resources
- [ ] Use synchronous integration of services
- [x] Design loosely coupled components
- [ ] Implement the least permissive rules for security groups

#### Q504. ::
`When a user wants to utilize their existing per-socket, per-core, or per-virtual machine software licenses for a Microsoft Windows server running on AWS, which Amazon EC2 instance type is required?

- [ ] Spot Instances
- [ ] Dedicated Instances
- [x] Dedicated Hosts
- [ ] Reserved Instances
