##   p12-4

#### Q515. ::
`Which AWS service aggregates organizes and prioritizes security alerts and findings from multiple AWS services?

- [ ] Amazon Detective
- [ ] Amazon Inspector
- [ ] Amazon Macie
- [x] AWS Security Hub

#### Q516. ::
`A user is able to set up a management payer account to view consolidated billing reports through.

- [ ] AWS Budgets
- [ ] Amazon Macie
- [ ] Amazon QuickSight.
- [x] AWS Organizations

#### Q517. ::
`Which of the following are user authentication services managed by AWS? (Choose two.)

- [x] Amazon Cognito
- [ ] AWS Lambda
- [ ] AWS License Manager
- [x] AWS Identity and Access Management (1AM)
- [ ] AWS CodeStar

#### Q518. ::
`Which AWS service gives users the ability to download compliance reports from third party auditors?

- [ ] AWS Lambda
- [ ] AWS Trusted Advisor
- [x] AWS Artifact
- [ ] AWS Audit Manager

#### Q519. ::
`Which of the following is a cost efficiency principle related to the AWS Cloud?

- [ ] Right size services based on capacity requirements
- [ ] Use the Billing Dashboard to access information about monthly bills
- [x] Use AWS Organizations to combine the expenses of multiple accounts into a single bill
- [ ] Tag all AWS resources

#### Q520. ::
`Which of the following are advantages of the AWS Cloud? (Choose two.)

- [ ] Trade variable expenses for capital expenses
- [x] High economies of scale
- [x] Launch globally in minutes
- [ ] Focus on managing hardware infrastructure
- [ ] Over provision to ensure capacity

#### Q521. ::
`Which AWS service uses a combination of publishers and subscribers?

- [ ] AWS Lambda
- [x] Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS)
- [ ] Amazon Cloud Watch
- [ ] AWS CloudFormation

#### Q522. ::
`Which AWS service or tool gives users the ability to set alerts that are sent when AWS Cloud costs exceed a certain amount?

- [x] AWS Budgets
- [ ] AWS Cost and Usage Report
- [ ] AWS Cost Explorer
- [ ] Amazon Inspector



#### Q523. ::
`A company wants to protect its AWS Cloud information systems and assets while performing risk assessment and mitigation tasks
`
`Which pillar of the AWS Well Architected framework is supported by these goals?

- [ ] Reliability
- [x] Security
- [ ] Operational excellence
- [ ] Performance efficiency


#### Q524. ::
`A company is migrating an application that includes an Oracle database to AWS. The company cannot rewrite the application.
`
`To which AWS service could the company migrate the database?

- [ ] Amazon Athena
- [ ] Amazon DynamoDB
- [x] Amazon RDS
- [ ] Amazon DocumentDB (with MongoDB compatibility)


#### Q525. ::
`Which AWS service has unlimited free use?

- [ ] Amazon SageMaker
- [x] AWS Config
- [ ] AWS Organizations
- [ ] Amazon Cloud Watch


#### Q526. ::
`A cloud practitioner wants a repeatable way to deploy identical AWS resources by using infrastructure templates.
`
`Which AWS service will meet these requirements?

- [x] AWS CloudFormation
- [ ] AWS Directory Service
- [ ] Amazon Lightsail
- [ ] AWS CodeDeploy


#### Q527. ::
`A company is building an application that will receive millions of database queries each second. The company needs the data store for the application to scale to meet these needs.
`
`Which AWS service will meet this requirement?

- [x] Amazon DynamoDB
- [ ] AWS Cloud9
- [ ] Amazon Elastic ache for Memcached
- [ ] Amazon Neptune


#### Q528. ::
`Which design principles support the reliability pillar of the AWS Well Architected framework? (Choose two.)

- [ ] Perform operations as code
- [ ] Enable traceability
- [x] Automatically scale to meet demand
- [ ] Deploy resources globally to improve response time
- [x] Automatically recover from failure


#### Q529. ::
`Which services can be used to deploy applications on AWS? (Choose two.)

- [x] AWS Elastic Beanstalk
- [ ] AWS Config
- [x] AWS OpsWorks
- [ ] AWS Application Discovery Service
- [ ] Amazon Kinesis


#### Q530. ::
`Which AWS feature or resource is a deployable Amazon EC2 instance template that is prepackaged with software and security requirements?

- [ ] Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume
- [ ] AWS CloudFormation template
- [ ] Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) snapshot
- [x] Amazon Machine Image (AMI)
