##   p12-1

#### Q485::
`Which options does AWS make available for customers who want to learn about security in the cloud in an instructor-led setting? (Choose two.)

- [ ] AWS Trusted Advisor
- [x] AWS Online Tech Talks
- [ ] AWS Blog
- [ ] AWS Forums
- [x] AWS Classroom Training


#### Q486::
`Which AWS service will help a company identify the user who deleted an Amazon EC2 instance yesterday?

- [ ] Amazon CloudWatch
- [ ] AWS Trusted Advisor
- [x] AWS CloudTrail
- [ ] Amazon Inspector

#### Q487 ::
`A company is configuring its AWS Cloud environment. The company's administrators need to group users together and apply permissions to the group.
`
`Which AWS service or feature can the company use to meet these requirements?

- [ ] AWS Organizations
- [ ] Resource groups
- [ ] Resource tagging
- [x] AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)


#### Q488. :: 
`Which statement describes a characteristic of the AWS global infrastructure?

- [ ] Edge locations contain multiple AWS Regions
- [ ] AWS Regions contain multiple Regional edge caches
- [x] Availability Zones contain multiple data centers
- [ ] Each data center contains multiple edge locations

#### Q489. ::
`A company has an online shopping website and wants to store customers' credit card data. The company must meet Payment Card Industry (PCI) standards.
`
`Which service can the company use to access AWS compliance documentation?

- [ ] Amazon Cloud Directory
- [x] AWS Artifact
- [ ] AWS Trusted Advisor
- [ ] Amazon Inspector

#### Q490. ::
`Which AWS service can a company use to perform complex analytical queries?

- [ ] Amazon RDS
- [ ] Amazon DynamoDB
- [x] Amazon Redshift
- [ ] Amazon ElastiCache

#### Q491. :: 
`Which AWS service should a company use to check for IAM access keys that have not been rotated recently?

- [ ] AWS WAF
- [ ] AWS Trusted Advisor
- [x] Amazon Inspector
- [ ] AWS Certificate Manager (ACM)

#### Q492. ::
`A user wants to identify any security group that is allowing unrestricted incoming SSH traffic.
`
`Which AWS service can be used to accomplish this goal?

- [ ] Amazon Cognito
- [ ] AWS Shield
- [ ] Amazon Macie
- [x] AWS Trusted Advisor

#### Q493. ::
`Which of the following are advantages of moving to the AWS Cloud? (Choose two.)

- [ ] The ability to turn over the responsibility for all security to AWS
- [x] The ability to use the pay as you go model
- [ ] The ability to have full control over the physical infrastructure
- [x] No longer having to guess what capacity will be required
- [ ] No longer worrying about users access controls


#### Q494. ::
`Which task requires the use of AWS account root user credentials?


- [x] The deletion of IAM users
- [ ] The change to a different AWS Support plan
- [ ] The creation of an organization in AWS Organizations
- [ ] The deletion of Amazon EC2 instances
