##   p12-3

#### Q505. ::
`Which AWS Support plan includes infrastructure event management at no additional cost?

- [ ] AWS Basic Support
- [x] AWS Business Support
- [ ] AWS Enterprise Support
- [ ] AWS Developer Support

#### Q506. ::
`A developer needs to debug and troubleshoot an application that is experiencing runtime errors. The application is running on microservices architecture on AWS.
`
`Which AWS service should the developer use to troubleshoot the application?

- [x] Amazon Inspector
- [ ] AWS CloudShell
- [ ] AWS CodeStar
- [ ] AWS X-Ray


#### Q507. ::
`What is an Availability Zone?

- [ ] A location where users can deploy compute storage, database and other select AWS services where no AWS Region currently exists
- [x] One or more discrete data centers with redundant power, networking and connectivity
- [ ] One or more clusters of servers where new workloads can be deployed
- [ ] A fast content delivery network (CDN) service that securely delivers data videos applications and APIs to users globally

#### Q508. ::
`Which of the following promotes AWS Cloud architectural best practices for designing and operating reliable, secure, efficient, and cost-effective systems?

- [ ] AWS Serverless Application Model framework
- [ ] AWS Business Support
- [ ] Principle of least privilege
- [x] AWS Well Architected Framework

#### Q509. ::
`A company has multiple AWS accounts. The company needs to simplify and consolidate its billing process.
`
`Which AWS service or tool will meet these requirements?

- [ ] AWS Cost and Usage Report
- [x] AWS Organizations
- [ ] Cost Explorer
- [ ] AWS Budgets

#### Q510. ::
`A company has a workload that requires data to be collected, analyzed, and stored on premises. The company wants to extend the use of AWS services to run on premises with access to the company network and the company's VPC.
`
`Which AWS service meets this requirement?

- [ ] AWS Outposts
- [x] AWS Storage Gateway
- [ ] AWS Direct Connect
- [ ] AWS Snowball

#### Q511. ::
`Which AWS service provides the ability to host a NoSQL database in the AWS Cloud?

- [ ] Amazon Aurora
- [x] Amazon DynamoDB
- [ ] Amazon RDS
- [ ] Amazon Redshift

#### Q512. ::
`Which of the following are benefits that a company receives when it moves an on premises production workload to AWS? (Choose two.)

- [ ] AWS trains the company's staff on the use of all the AWS services
- [ ] AWS manages all security in the cloud
- [ ] AWS offers free support from technical account managers (TAMs)
- [x] AWS offers high availability
- [x] AWS provides economies of scale

#### Q513. ::
`Which benefit does Amazon Rekognition provide?

- [ ] The ability to place watermarks on images
- [x] The ability to detect objects that appear in pictures
- [ ] The ability to resize millions of images automatically
- [ ] The ability to bid on object detection jobs

#### Q514. ::
`Which AWS Cloud deployment model uses AWS Outposts as part of the application deployment infrastructure?

- [ ] On-premises
- [ ] Serverless
- [ ] Cloud native
- [x] Hybrid
