
##   1°3/4

#### 0014, Q14. [100%]::You manage an Azure SQL database that allows for Azure AD authentication. 
`You need to make sure that database developers can connect to the SQL database via Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS). 
`You also need to make sure the developers use their on-premises Active Directory account for authentication. 
`Your strategy should allow for authentication prompts to be kept to a minimum. 
`Which of the following should you implement?

- [ ] Azure AD token.
- [ ] Azure Multi-Factor authentication.
- [x] Active Directory integrated authentication.
- [ ] OATH software tokens.



#### 0015, Q15. [100%]::You are developing an application to transfer data between on-premises file servers and Azure Blob storage. 
`The application stores keys, secrets, and certificates in Azure Key Vault and makes use of the Azure Key Vault APIs. 
`You want to configure the application to allow recovery of an accidental deletion of the key vault or key vault objects for 90 days after deletion. 
`What should you do?

- [ ] Run the Add-AzKeyVaultKey cmdlet.
- [x] Run the az keyvault update --enable-soft-delete true --enable-purge-protection true CLI.
- [ ] Implement virtual network service endpoints for Azure Key Vault.
- [ ] Run the az keyvault update --enable-soft-delete false CLI.

#### 0016::
`You have developed a Web App for your company. The Web App provides services and must run in multiple regions.
`You want to be notified whenever the Web App uses more than 85 percent of the available CPU cores over a 5 minute period. Your solution must minimize costs.
`Which command should you use?

- [x] 
`az monitor metrics alert create -n myAlert -g myResourceGroup
`--scopes targetResourceID --condition "avg Percentage CPU >85"
`--window size 5m 


- [ ] 
`az monitor metrics alert create -n myAlert -g myResourceGroup
`--scopes targetResourceID --condition "Percentage CPU >85"
`--window size 5m 


- [ ] 
`az monitor metrics alert create -n myAlert -g myResourceGroup
`--scopes targetResourceID --condition "avg Percentage CPU >85"
`--evaluation-frequency 5m 

- [ ] 
`az monitor metrics alert create -n myAlert -g myResourceGroup
`--scopes targetResourceID --condition "CPU Usage>85"
`--auto-mitigate 5m 

#### 0017, Q17. [100%]::You are configuring a web app that delivers streaming video to users. 
`The application makes use of continuous integration and deployment. 
`-You need to ensure that the application is highly available and that the users' streaming experience is constant. 
`-You also want to configure the application to store data in a geographic location that is nearest to the user. 
`
`Solution: You include the use of Azure Redis Cache in your design. 

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### 0018, Q18. [100%]::You are configuring a web app that delivers streaming video to users. 
`The application makes use of continuous integration and deployment. 
`You need to ensure that the application is highly available and that the users' streaming experience is constant. 
`You also want to configure the application to store data in a geographic location that is nearest to the user. 
`
`Solution: You include the use of an Azure Content Delivery Network (CDN) in your design. 

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No


#### 0019, Q19. [100%]::You are configuring a web app that delivers streaming video to users. 
`The application makes use of continuous integration and deployment. 
`-You need to ensure that the application is highly available and that the users' streaming experience is constant. 
`-You also want to configure the application to store data in a geographic location that is nearest to the user. 
`
`Solution: You include the use of a Storage Area Network (SAN) in your design. 

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### Q20. [100%]::You develop a Web App on a tier D1 app service plan. 
`You notice that page load times increase during periods of peak traffic. 
`You want to implement automatic scaling when CPU load is above 80 percent. 
`Your solution must minimize costs. 
`What should you do first?

- [ ] Enable autoscaling on the Web App.
- [ ] Switch to the Premium App Service tier plan.
- [x] Switch to the Standard App Service tier plan.
- [ ] Switch to the Azure App Services consumption plan.

#### 0021, Q21. [100%]::Your company's Azure subscription includes an Azure Log Analytics workspace. 
`Your company has a hundred on-premises servers that run either Windows Server 2012 R2 or Windows Server 2016, and is linked to the Azure Log Analytics workspace. 
`The Azure Log Analytics workspace is set up to gather performance counters associated with security from these linked servers. 
`You must configure alerts based on the information gathered by the Azure Log Analytics workspace. 
`You have to make sure that alert rules allow for dimensions, and that alert creation time should be kept to a minimum. 
`Furthermore, a single alert notification must be created when the alert is created and when the alert is resolved. 
`You need to make use of the necessary signal type when creating the alert rules. 
`Which of the following is the option you should use?

- [ ] The Activity log signal type.
- [ ] The Application Log signal type.
- [x] The Metric signal type.
- [ ] The Audit Log signal type.















































