
##   10°_4from4


#### 16 ::
`Requirements -
`
`User agreements -
`When a user submits content, they must agree to a user agreement. The agreement allows employees of Contoso, Ltd. to review content, store cookies on user devices, and track `user's IP addresses.
`Information regarding agreements is used by multiple divisions within Contoso, Ltd.
`User responses must not be lost and must be available to all parties regardless of individual service uptime. The volume of agreements is expected to be in the millions per `hour.
`
`Question
`You need to store the user agreements.
`Where should you store the agreement after it is completed?

- [ ] Azure Storage queue
- [x] Azure Event Hub
- [ ] Azure Service Bus topic
- [ ] Azure Event Grid topic




#### 17 ::
`Requirements -
`
`ContentAnalysisService -
`The company's data science group built ContentAnalysisService which accepts user generated content as a string and returns a probable value for inappropriate content. Any values over a specific threshold must be reviewed by an employee of Contoso, Ltd.
`You must create an Azure Function named CheckUserContent to perform the content checks.
`
`Question
`
`You need to implement the bindings for the CheckUserContent function.
`How should you complete the code segment?

- [x] 
`public static class CheckUserContent
`{
`    [FunctionName("CheckUserContent")]
`    public static void Run([BlobTrigger("userContent/{name}")] string content,
`    [Blob("userContent/{name}", FileAccess.Write)] Stream output
`    {
`        ...
`    }


- [ ] 
`public static class CheckUserContent
`{
`    [FunctionName("CheckUserContent")]
`    public static void Run([Table("content","userContent","{name}")] string content,
`    [Table("userContent/{name}", FileAccess.Write)] Stream output
`    {
`        ...
`    }


- [ ] 
`public static class CheckUserContent
`{
`    [FunctionName("CheckUserContent")]
`    public static void Run([CosmosDBTrigger("content","userContent")]string content,
`    [CosmosDB("content","userContent")] Stream output
`    {
`        ...
`    }

- [ ] 
`public static class CheckUserContent
`{
`    [FunctionName("CheckUserContent")]
`    public static void Run([QueueTrigger("userContent")] string content,
`    [Queue("userContent")] Stream output
`    {
`        ...
`    }





#### 18 ::
`The main web application for the social networking website loads user uploaded content from blob storage.
`You are developing a solution to monitor uploaded data for inappropriate content. The following process occurs when users upload content by using the SPA:
`* Messages are sent to ContentUploadService.
`* Content is processed by ContentAnalysisService.
`
`
`Monitoring -
`An alert must be raised if the ContentUploadService uses more than 80 percent of available CPU cores.
`Issues -
`Users of the ContentUploadService report that they occasionally see HTTP 502 responses on specific pages.
`
`Question
`You need to configure the ContentUploadService deployment.
`Which two actions should you perform? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.

- [x] Add the following markup to line CS23: type: Private
- [ ] Add the following markup to line CS24: osType: Windows
- [x] Add the following markup to line CS24: osType: Linux
- [ ] Add the following markup to line CS23: type: Public





#### Q.19 ::
`Requirements -
`
`Data must be replicated to a secondary region and three availability zones.
`
`Question
`
`You need to configure the Account Kind, Replication, and Access tier options for the corporate website's Azure Storage account.
`How should you complete the configuration?


- [x] Account kind : StorageV2 (general purpose v2)
- [ ] Account kind : Storage (general purpose v1)
- [ ] Account kind : BlobStorage
- [ ] Replication : Locally-redundant storage (LRS) 
- [ ] Replication : Zone-redundant storage (ZRS) 
- [ ] Replication : Geo-redundant storage (GRS) 
- [ ] Replication : Read-access-geo-redundant storage (RA-GRS) 
- [x] Replication : Geo-zone-redundant storage (GZRS) 
- [ ] Replication : Read-access geo-zone-redundant storage (RA-GZRS) 
- [x] Access tier (default) : cool
- [ ] Access tier (default) : Hot
