
##   1.3-1°by5_n0-25_pretest

#### 0018, Q18. [100%]::You are configuring a web app that delivers streaming video to users. 
`The application makes use of continuous integration and deployment. 
`You need to ensure that the application is highly available and that the users' streaming experience is constant. 
`You also want to configure the application to store data in a geographic location that is nearest to the user. 
`Solution: You include the use of an Azure Content Delivery Network (CDN) in your design. 

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No




#### 0019, Q19. [100%]::You are configuring a web app that delivers streaming video to users. 
`The application makes use of continuous integration and deployment. 
`-You need to ensure that the application is highly available and that the users' streaming experience is constant. 
`-You also want to configure the application to store data in a geographic location that is nearest to the user. 
`
`Solution: You include the use of a Storage Area Network (SAN) in your design. 

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### Q20. [100%]::You develop a Web App on a tier D1 app service plan. 
`You notice that page load times increase during periods of peak traffic. 
`You want to implement automatic scaling when CPU load is above 80 percent. 
`Your solution must minimize costs. 
`What should you do first?

- [ ] Enable autoscaling on the Web App.
- [ ] Switch to the Premium App Service tier plan.
- [x] Switch to the Standard App Service tier plan.
- [ ] Switch to the Azure App Services consumption plan.

#### 0021, Q21. [100%]::Your company's Azure subscription includes an Azure Log Analytics workspace. 
`Your company has a hundred on-premises servers that run either Windows Server 2012 R2 or Windows Server 2016, and is linked to the Azure Log Analytics workspace. 
`The Azure Log Analytics workspace is set up to gather performance counters associated with security from these linked servers. 
`You must configure alerts based on the information gathered by the Azure Log Analytics workspace. 
`You have to make sure that alert rules allow for dimensions, and that alert creation time should be kept to a minimum. 
`Furthermore, a single alert notification must be created when the alert is created and when the alert is resolved. 
`You need to make use of the necessary signal type when creating the alert rules. 
`Which of the following is the option you should use?

- [ ] The Activity log signal type.
- [ ] The Application Log signal type.
- [x] The Metric signal type.
- [ ] The Audit Log signal type.



#### 0022, Q22. [100%]::You are developing a .NET Core MVC application that allows customers to research independent holiday accommodation providers. 
`You want to implement Azure Search to allow the application to search the index by using various criteria to locate documents related to accommodation. 
`You want the application to allow customers to search the index by using regular expressions. 
`What should you do?

- [ ] Configure the SearchMode property of the SearchParameters class.
- [x] Configure the QueryType property of the SearchParameters class.
- [ ] Configure the Facets property of the SearchParameters class.
- [ ] Configure the Filter property of the SearchParameters class.



#### 0023, Q23. [100%]::You are a developer at your company. 
`You need to update the definitions for an existing Logic App. What should you use?

- [ ] the Enterprise Integration Pack (EIP)
- [x] the Logic App Code View
- [ ] the API Connections
- [ ] the Logic Apps Designer

[//] no-answer
