##   p5-v2

#### Q205. ::
`Which task is the responsibility of the customer according to the AWS shared responsibility model?

- [ ] Maintain the security of the hardware that runs Amazon EC2 instances.
- [x] Patch the guest operating system of Amazon EC2 instances.
- [ ] Protect the security of the AWS global infrastructure.
- [ ] Patch Amazon RDS software.

#### Q206. ::
`Which AWS Organizations feature can be used to track charges across multiple accounts and report the combined cost?

- [ ] Service control policies (SCPs)
- [ ] Cost Explorer
- [x] Consolidated billing
- [ ] AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)

#### Q207. ::
`Which of the following is a cloud benefit that AWS offers to its users?

- [ ] The ability to configure AWS data center hypervisors
- [ ] The ability to purchase hardware in advance of increased traffic
- [x] The ability to deploy to AWS on a global scale
- [ ] Compliance audits for user IT environments

#### Q208. ::
`An ecommerce company has migrated its IT infrastructure from an on-premises data center to the AWS Cloud.
`Which cost is the company's direct responsibility?

- [x] Cost of application software licenses
- [ ] Cost of the hardware infrastructure on AWS
- [ ] Cost of power for the AWS servers
- [ ] Cost of physical security for the AWS data center

#### Q209.::
`What are the five pillars of the AWS Well-Architected Framework?

- [ ] Encryption, documentation, speed, hybrid design, and cost optimization
- [ ] Containerization, cost margins, globalization, marketplace, and developer operations
- [ ] Network, compute, storage, security, and developer operations
- [x] Operational excellence, reliability, performance efficiency, security, and cost optimization


#### Q210. ::
`A company accepts enrollment applications on handwritten paper forms. The company uses a manual process to enter the form data into its backend systems.
`The company wants to automate the process by scanning the forms and capturing the enrollment data from scanned PDF files.
`Which AWS service should the company use to build this process?

- [ ] Amazon Rekognition
- [x] Amazon Textract
- [ ] Amazon Transcribe
- [ ] Amazon Comprehend

#### Q211::
`Which AWS service should a company use to organize, characterize, and search large numbers of images?


- [ ] Amazon Transcribe
- [x] Amazon Rekognition
- [ ] Amazon Aurora
- [ ] Amazon QuickSight


#### Q212::
`An ecommerce company wants to use Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling to add and remove EC2 instances based on CPU utilization.
`Which AWS service or feature can initiate an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling action to achieve this goal?

- [ ] Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS)
- [ ] Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS)
- [ ] AWS Systems Manager
- [x] Amazon CloudWatch alarm

#### Q213 ::
`A company wants to host a private version control system for its application code in the AWS Cloud.
`Which AWS service should the company use to meet this requirement?


- [ ] AWS CodePipeline
- [ ] AWS CodeStar
- [x] AWS CodeCommit
- [ ] AWS CodeDeploy


#### Q214. :: 
`Which AWS service or tool can a company set up to send notifications that a custom spending threshold has been reached or exceeded?

- [x] AWS Budgets
- [ ] AWS Trusted Advisor
- [ ] AWS CloudTrail
- [ ] AWS Support

#### Q215. ::
`Which AWS service is used to host static websites?

- [x] Amazon S3
- [ ] Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
- [ ] AWS CloudFormation
- [ ] Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)

#### Q216. ::
`Which AWS service contains built-in engines to protect web applications that run in the cloud from SQL injection attacks and cross-site scripting?

- [x] AWS WAF
- [ ] AWS Shield Advanced
- [ ] Amazon GuardDuty
- [ ] Amazon Detective

#### Q217. :: 
`A company owns per-core software licenses.
`Which Amazon EC2 instance purchasing option must the company use for this license type?

- [ ] Reserved Instances
- [x] Dedicated Hosts
- [ ] Spot Instances
- [ ] Dedicated Instances

#### Q218. ::
`A company needs to set up user authentication for a new application. Users must be able to sign in directly with a user name and password, or through a third- party provider.
`Which AWS service should the company use to meet these requirements?


- [ ] AWS Single Sign-On
- [ ] AWS Signer
- [x] Amazon Cognito
- [ ] AWS Directory Service

#### Q219. ::
`A company's IT team is managing MySQL database server clusters. The IT team has to patch the database and take backup snapshots of the data in the clusters.
`The company wants to move this workload to AWS so that these tasks will be completed automatically.
`What should the company do to meet these requirements?

- [ ] Deploy MySQL database server clusters on Amazon EC2 instances.
- [x] Use Amazon RDS with a MySQL database.
- [ ] Use an AWS CloudFormation template to deploy MySQL database servers on Amazon EC2 instances.
- [ ] Migrate all the MySQL database data to Amazon S3.


#### Q220. ::
`What is the primary use case for Amazon GuardDuty?

- [ ] Prevention of DDoS attacks
- [ ] Protection against SQL injection attacks
- [x] Automatic monitoring for threats to AWS workloads
- [ ] Automatic provisioning of AWS resources
