##   p5-2-3

#### Q191. ::
`A company deployed an application on an Amazon EC2 instance. The application ran as expected for 6 months in the past week, users have reported latency issues. A system administrator found that the CPU utilization was at 100% during business hours. The company wants a scalable solution to meet demand.
`Which AWS service or feature should the company use to handle the load for its application during periods of high demand?

- [x] Auto Scaling groups
- [ ] AWS Global Accelerator
- [ ] Amazon Route 53
- [ ] An Elastic IP address

#### Q192. ::
`A company wants to migrate to AWS and use the same security software it uses on premises. The security software vendor offers its security software as a service on AWS.
Where can the company purchase the security solution?

- [ ] AWS Partner Solutions Finder
- [ ] AWS Support Center
- [ ] AWS Management Console
- [x] AWS Marketplace

#### Q193. ::
`A company is generating large sets of critical data in its on-premises data center. The company needs to securely transfer the data to AWS for processing. These transfers must occur daily over a dedicated connection.
`Which AWS service should the company use to meet these requirements?

- [ ] AWS Backup
- [ ] AWS DataSync
- [x] AWS Direct Connect
- [ ] AWS Snowball

#### Q194. ::
`A company wants to run production workloads on AWS. The company wants access to technical support from engineers 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. The company also wants access to the AWS Health API and contextual architectural guidance for business use cases. The company has a strong IT support team and does not need concierge support.
`Which AWS Support plan will meet these requirements at the LOWEST cost?

- [ ] AWS Basic Support
- [ ] AWS Developer Support
- [x] AWS Business Support
- [ ] AWS Enterprise Support

#### Q195. ::
`Which of the following is a managed AWS service that is used specifically for extract, transform, and load (ETL) data?

- [ ] Amazon Athena
- [x] AWS Glue
- [ ] Amazon S3
- [ ] AWS Snowball Edge

#### Q196. ::
`Which of the following actions are controlled with AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)? (Choose two.)

- [x] Control access to AWS service APIs and to other specific resources.
- [ ] Provide intelligent threat detection and continuous monitoring.
- [x] Protect the AWS environment using multi-factor authentication (MFA).
- [ ] Grant users access to AWS data centers.
- [ ] Provide firewall protection for applications from common web attacks.

#### Q197. ::
`Which of the following are shared controls that apply to both AWS and the customer, according to the AWS shared responsibility model? (Choose two.)

- [x] Resource configuration management
- [ ] Network data integrity
- [x] Employee awareness and training
- [ ] Physical and environmental security
- [ ] Replacement and disposal of disk drives


#### Q198. ::
`What information is found on an AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) credential report? (Choose two.)

- [x] The date and time when an IAM user's password was last used to sign in to the AWS Management Console.
- [ ] The type of multi-factor authentication (MFA) device assigned to an IAM user.
- [ ] The User-Agent browser identifier for each IAM user currently logged in.
- [x] Whether multi-factor authentication (MFA) has been enabled for an IAM user.
- [ ] The number of incorrect login attempts by each IAM user in the previous 30 days.

#### Q199. ::
`What is the LEAST expensive AWS Support plan that contains a full set of AWS Trusted Advisor best practice checks?

- [ ] AWS Enterprise Support
- [x] AWS Business Support
- [ ] AWS Developer Support
- [ ] AWS Basic Support

#### Q200. ::
`Which AWS service provides domain registration, DNS routing, and service health checks?

- [ ] AWS Direct Connect
- [x] Amazon Route 53
- [ ] Amazon CloudFront
- [ ] Amazon API Gateway

#### Q201. ::
`A bank needs to store recordings of calls made to its contact center for 6 years. The recordings must be accessible within 48 hours from the time they are requested.
`Which AWS service will provide a secure and cost-effective solution for retaining these files?

- [ ] Amazon DynamoDB
- [x] Amazon S3 Glacier
- [ ] Amazon Connect
- [ ] Amazon ElastiCache

#### Q202. ::
`Which AWS service should be used to migrate a company's on-premises MySQL database to Amazon RDS?

- [ ] AWS Direct Connect
- [ ] AWS Server Migration Service (AWS SMS)
- [x] AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS)
- [ ] AWS Schema Conversion Tool (AWS SCT)


#### Q203. ::
`Which benefits does a company gain when the company moves from on-premises IT architecture to the AWS Cloud? (Choose two.)

- [x] Reduced or eliminated tasks for hardware troubleshooting, capacity planning, and procurement
- [ ] Elimination of the need for trained IT staff
- [ ] Automatic security configuration of all applications that are migrated to the cloud
- [ ] Elimination of the need for disaster recovery planning
- [x] Faster deployment of new features and applications

#### Q204. ::
`Which of the following is a benefit of decoupling an AWS Cloud architecture?

- [ ] Reduced latency
- [x] Ability to upgrade components independently
- [ ] Decreased costs
- [ ] Fewer components to manage
