##   p5-1-3

#### Q177. ::
`A company needs to evaluate its AWS environment and provide best practice recommendations in five categories: cost, performance, service limits, fault tolerance, and security.
`Which AWS service can the company use to meet these requirements?

- [ ] AWS Shield
- [ ] AWS WAF
- [x] AWS Trusted Advisor
- [ ] AWS Service Catalog

#### Q178. ::
`Which AWS service provides the capability to view end-to-end performance metrics and troubleshoot distributed applications?

- [ ] AWS Cloud9
- [ ] AWS CodeStar
- [ ] AWS Cloud Map
- [x] AWS X-Ray

#### Q179.::
`Which cloud computing benefit does AWS demonstrate with its ability to offer lower variable costs as a result of high purchase volumes?

- [ ] Pay-as-you-go pricing
- [ ] High availability
- [ ] Global reach
- [x] Economies of scale

#### Q180. ::
`Which AWS service provides threat detection by monitoring for malicious activities and unauthorized actions to protect AWS accounts, workloads, and data that is stored in Amazon S3?

- [ ] AWS Shield
- [ ] AWS Firewall Manager
- [x] Amazon GuardDuty
- [ ] Amazon Inspector


#### Q181. ::
`Which AWS service can a company use to store and manage Docker images?

- [ ] Amazon DynamoDB
- [ ] Amazon Kinesis Data Streams
- [x] Amazon Elastic Container Registry (Amazon ECR)
- [ ] Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)


#### Q182.::
`A company needs an automated security assessment report that will identify unintended network access to Amazon EC2 instances. The report also must identify operating system vulnerabilities on those instances.
`Which AWS service or feature should the company use to meet this requirement?

- [ ] AWS Trusted Advisor
- [ ] Security groups
- [ ] Amazon Macie
- [x] Amazon Inspector



#### Q183. ::
`A global company is building a simple time-tracking mobile app. The app needs to operate globally and must store collected data in a database. Data must be accessible from the AWS Region that is closest to the user.
`What should the company do to meet these data storage requirements with the LEAST amount of operational overhead?

- [ ] Use Amazon EC2 in multiple Regions to host separate databases
- [ ] Use Amazon RDS cross-Region replication
- [x] Use Amazon DynamoDB global tables
- [ ] Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS)


#### Q184. :: 
`Which of the following are economic advantages of the AWS Cloud? (Choose two.)

- [x] Increased workforce productivity
- [ ] Decreased need to encrypt user data
- [ ] Manual compliance audits
- [ ] Simplified total cost of ownership (TCO) accounting
- [x] Faster product launches

#### Q185. ::
`Which controls does the customer fully inherit from AWS in the AWS shared responsibility model?

- [ ] Patch management controls
- [ ] Awareness and training controls
- [x] Physical and environmental controls
- [ ] Configuration management controls
 

#### Q186. ::
`Which task is a customer's responsibility, according to the AWS shared responsibility model?

- [x] Management of the guest operating systems
- [ ] Maintenance of the configuration of infrastructure devices
- [ ] Management of the host operating systems and virtualization
- [ ] Maintenance of the software that powers Availability Zones

#### Q187. :: 
`A company needs to deliver new website features quickly in an iterative manner to minimize the time to market.
`Which AWS Cloud concept does this requirement represent?


- [ ] Reliability
- [ ] Elasticity
- [x] Agility
- [ ] High availability

#### Q188. ::
`A company wants to increase its ability to recover its infrastructure in the case of a natural disaster.
`Which pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework does this ability represent?


- [ ] Cost optimization
- [ ] Performance efficiency
- [x] Reliability
- [ ] Security

#### Q189. ::
`Which AWS service tracks API calls and user activity?

- [ ] AWS Organizations
- [ ] AWS Config
- [ ] Amazon CloudWatch
- [x] AWS CloudTrail

#### Q190. ::
`Which AWS service, feature, or tool uses machine learning to continuously monitor cost and usage for unusual cloud spending?

- [ ] Amazon Lookout for Metrics
- [ ] AWS Budgets
- [ ] Amazon CloudWatch
- [x] AWS Cost Anomaly Detection
