##   1°.az700


#### 001::
`Your company has a single on-premises datacenter in Washington DC. The East US Azure region has a peering location in Washington DC.
`The company only has Azure resources in the East US region.
`You need to implement ExpressRoute to support up to 1 Gbps. You must use only ExpressRoute Unlimited data plans. The solution must minimize costs.
`Which type of ExpressRoute circuits should you create?

- [x] ExpressRoute Local
- [ ] ExpressRoute Direct
- [ ] ExpressRoute Premium
- [ ] ExpressRoute Standard


#### 002::
`You are planning an Azure Point-to-Site (P2S) VPN that will use OpenVPN.
`Users will authenticate by an on-premises Active Directory domain.
`Which additional service should you deploy to support the VPN authentication?

- [ ] an Azure key vault
- [x] a RADIUS server
- [ ] a certification authority
- [ ] Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) Application Proxy

#### 003::
`You plan to configure BGP for a Site-to-Site VPN connection between a datacenter and Azure.
`Which two Azure resources should you configure? Each correct answer presents a part of the solution. (Choose two.)

- [x] a virtual network gateway
- [ ] Azure Application Gateway
- [ ] Azure Firewall
- [x] a local network gateway
- [ ] Azure Front Door

#### 004::
`You fail to establish a Site-to-Site VPN connection between your company's main office and an Azure virtual network.
`You need to troubleshoot what prevents you from establishing the IPsec tunnel.
`Which diagnostic log should you review?

- [x] IKEDiagnosticLog
- [ ] RouteDiagnosticLog
- [ ] GatewayDiagnosticLog
- [ ] TunnelDiagnosticLog

#### 005::
`You have an Azure virtual network and an on-premises datacenter.
`You are planning a Site-to-Site VPN connection between the datacenter and the virtual network.
`Which two resources should you include in your plan? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.

- [ ] a user-defined route
- [x] a virtual network gateway
- [ ] Azure Firewall
- [ ] Azure Web Application Firewall (WAF)
- [ ] an on-premises data gateway
- [ ] an Azure application gateway
- [x] a local network gateway

[//]3108.1729
#### 006::
`You need to connect an on-premises network and an Azure environment. The solution must use ExpressRoute and support failing over to a Site-to-Site VPN connection if there is an ExpressRoute failure.
`What should you configure? 

- [ ] Routing type: Policy-based
- [x] Routing type: Route-based
- [ ] Routing type: Static routing
- [x] Number of virtual network gateways: 1
- [ ] Number of virtual network gateways: 2
- [ ] Number of virtual network gateways: 3

#### 007::
`Your company has an on-premises network and three Azure subscriptions named Subscription1, Subscription2, and Subscription3.
`The departments at the company use the Azure subscriptions as shown in the following table.
`
`|DEPARTMENT--|SUBSCRIPTION-|
`|IT----------|Subscription1|
`|Research----|Subscription1|
`|Development-|Subscription2|
`|Testing-----|Subscription2|
`|Distribution|Subscription3|
`
`All the resources in the subscriptions are in either the West US Azure region or the West US 2 Azure region.
`You plan to connect all the subscriptions to the on-premises network by using ExpressRoute.
`What is the minimum number of ExpressRoute circuits required?

- [x] 1
- [ ] 2
- [ ] 3
- [ ] 4
- [ ] 5

#### 008::
`Your company has offices in New York and Amsterdam. The company has an Azure subscription. Both offices connect to Azure by using a Site-to-Site VPN connection.
`The office in Amsterdam uses resources in the North Europe Azure region. The office in New York uses resources in the East US Azure region.
`You need to implement ExpressRoute circuits to connect each office to the nearest Azure region. Once the ExpressRoute circuits are connected, the on-premises computers in the Amsterdam office must be able to connect to the on-premises servers in the New York office by using the ExpressRoute circuits.
`Which ExpressRoute option should you use?

- [ ] ExpressRoute FastPath
- [x] ExpressRoute Global Reach
- [ ] ExpressRoute Direct
- [ ] ExpressRoute Local

#### 009::
`You have an Azure subscription that contains a single virtual network and a virtual network gateway.
`You need to ensure that administrators can use Point-to-Site (P2S) VPN connections to access resources in the virtual network. The connections must be authenticated by Azure Active Directory (Azure AD).
`What should you configure? 

- [ ] Azure AD configuration: An access package
- [ ] Azure AD configuration: Conditional access policy
- [x] Azure AD configuration: An enterprise application
- [ ] Azure AD configuration: A VPN certificate
- [ ] P2S VPN tunnel type: IKEv2
- [ ] P2S VPN tunnel type: IKEv2 and SSTP (SSL)
- [x] P2S VPN tunnel type: OpenVPN (SSL)
- [ ] P2S VPN tunnel type: SSTP (SSL)

#### 010::[//](images)
`You have the hybrid network shown in the Network Diagram exhibit.
`
`You have a peering connection between Vnet1 and Vnet2 as shown in the Peering-Vnet1-Vnet2 exhibit.
`
`You have a peering connection between Vnet1 and Vnet3 as shown in the Peering-Vnet1-Vnet3 exhibit.
`
`For each of the following statements, select Yes if the statement is true. Otherwise, select No.

- [x] The resource in Vnet2 can communicate with the resource in Vnet1. Yes
- [ ] The resource in Vnet2 can communicate with the resource in Vnet1. No
- [ ] The resource in Vnet2 can communicate with the resource in Vnet3. Yes
- [x] The resource in Vnet2 can communicate with the resource in Vnet3. No
- [ ] The resource in Vnet2 can communicate with the resource in the on-premises network. Yes
- [x] The resource in Vnet2 can communicate with the resource in the on-premises network. No

#### 011::
`You have the Azure environment shown in the exhibit.
`
`You have virtual network peering between Vnet1 and Vnet2. You have virtual network peering between Vnet4 and Vnet5. The virtual network peering is configured as shown in the following table.


- [ ] VM1 and VM4 can communicate. Yes
- [ ] VM1 and VM4 can communicate. No
- [ ] VM2 and VM4 can communicate. Yes
- [ ] VM2 and VM4 can communicate. No
- [ ] VM1 and VM5 can communicate. Yes
- [ ] VM1 and VM5 can communicate. No


#### 012::
`You have on-premises datacenters in New York and Seattle.
`You have an Azure subscription that contains the ExpressRoute circuits shown in the following table.
`
`You need to ensure that all the data sent between the datacenters is routed via the ExpressRoute circuits. The solution must minimize costs.
`How should you configure the network? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.

- [ ] ExpressRoute configuration: Direct
- [ ] ExpressRoute configuration: FastPath
- [ ] ExpressRoute configuration: Global Reach
- [ ] ExpressRoute configuration: Premium
- [ ] Peering: Microsoft
- [ ] Peering: Private
- [ ] Peering: Public

#### 013::
`You have an Azure virtual network named Vnet1 and an on-premises network. The on-premises network has policy-based VPN devices.
`In Vnet1, you deploy a virtual network gateway named GW1 that uses a SKU of VpnGw1 and is route-based.
`You have a Site-to-Site VPN connection for GW1 as shown in the following exhibit.
`
`You need to ensure that the on-premises network can connect to the route-based GW1.
`What should you do before you create the connection?

- [ ] Set Connection Mode to ResponderOnly.
- [ ] Set BGP to Enabled.
- [ ] Set Use Azure Private IP Address to Enabled.
- [x] Set IPsec / IKE policy to Custom.

#### 014::
`HOTSPOT
`
`Your on-premises network contains a VPN device.
`
`You have an Azure subscription that contains a virtual network and a virtual network gateway.
`
`You need to create a Site-to-Site VPN connection that has a custom cryptographic policy.
`
`How should you complete the PowerShell script? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.

- [ ]
`$policy = New-AzlpsecPolicy -IkeEncryption AES256 -IkeIntegrity SHA384 -DHGroup DHGroup24 -IpsecEncryption AES256
-IpsecIntegrity SHA256 -pfsGroup None -SalifeTimeSeconds 14400 -SADataSizeKilobytes 102400000
...
New-AzVirtualHub -Name $Connection16 -ResourceGroupName $RG1 -VirtualNetworkGateway1 $vnet1gw
-LocalNetworkGateway2 $lng6 -Location $Location1 -ConnectionType IPsec -IpsecPolicies $policy -SharedKey 'AzureA1b2c3'

#### 015::
`HOTSPOT
`-
`
`You have an Azure virtual network and an on-premises datacenter that connect by using a Site-to-Site VPN tunnel.
`
`You need to ensure that all traffic from the virtual network to the internet is routed through the datacenter.
`
`How should you complete the PowerShell script to configure forced tunneling? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.

- [ ]
`$force1 = Get-AzLocalNetworkGateway -Name "HQ" -ResourceGroupName "ForcedTunneling"
`$force2 = Get-AzVirtualNetworkGateway -Name "Gateway1" -ResourceGroupName "ForcedTunneling"
Set-AzVirtualNetworkGatewayConnection -GatewayDefaultSite $force1 -VirtualNetworkGateway $force2