##   2°.az700;0603.1719


#### 051::
`You have an Azure subscription.
`You have the on-premises sites shown the following table.
`
`
`Name Number of users Connection type to Azure
`Site 1 500 ExpressRoute
`Site 2 100 Site-to-Site VPN
`Site 3 1 Point-to-Site (P2S) VPN
`
`
`Name Number of users Connection type to Azure
`Site 1 500 ExpressRoute
`Site 2 100 Site-to-Site VPN
`Site 3 1 Point-to-Site (P2S) VPN
`
`You plan to deploy Azure Virtual WAN.
`You are evaluating Virtual WAN Basic and Virtual WAN Standard.
`Which type of Virtual WAN can you use for each site?

- [x] Virtual WAN Basic: Site2 only
- [ ] Virtual WAN Basic: Site3 only
- [ ] Virtual WAN Basic: Site2 and Site3 only
- [ ] Virtual WAN Basic: Site1, Site2, and Site3
- [ ] Virtual WAN Standard: Site1 only
- [ ] Virtual WAN Standard: Site1 and Site3 only 
- [ ] Virtual WAN Standard: Site2 and Site3 only
- [x] Virtual WAN Standard: Site1, Site2, and Site3


#### 052::


- [x] Queries for www.fabrikam.com from the internet are resolved to 131.107.1.1. : Yes
- [ ] Queries for www.fabrikam.com from the internet are resolved to 131.107.1.1. : No
- [ ] Queries for server1.fabrikam.com can be resolved from the internet. : Yes
- [x] Queries for server1.fabrikam.com can be resolved from the internet. : No
- [ ] Queries for www.fabrikam.com from Vnet2 are resolved to 131. 107.100. 10. : Yes 
- [x] Queries for www.fabrikam.com from Vnet2 are resolved to 131. 107.100. 10. : No

#### 053::
`You have two Azure virtual networks named VNet1 and VNet2 in an Azure region that has three availability zones.
`You deploy 12 virtual machines to each virtual network, deploying four virtual machines per zone. The virtual machines in VNet1 host an app named App1. The virtual machines in VNet2 host an app named App2.
`You plan to use Azure Virtual Network NAT to implement outbound connectivity for App1 and App2.
`You need to identify the minimum number of subnets and Virtual Network NAT instances required to meet the following requirements:
`✑ A failure of two zones must NOT affect the availability of either App1 or App2.
`✑ A failure of two zones must NOT affect the outbound connectivity of either App1 or App2.
`What should you identify?

- [ ] Minimum number of subnets: 1
- [x] Minimum number of subnets: 2
- [ ] Minimum number of subnets: 6
- [ ] Minimum number of subnets: 12
- [ ] Minimum number of Virtual Network NAT instances: 1
- [x] Minimum number of Virtual Network NAT instances: 2
- [ ] Minimum number of Virtual Network NAT instances: 6
- [ ] Minimum number of Virtual Network NAT instances: 12

#### 054::
`You have the Azure resources shown in the following table.
`
`
`Name Type Location
`Vnet1 Virtual network East US
`Vnet1\Subnet1 Subnet East US
`Vnet1\GatewaySubnet Subnet East US
`Vnet2 Virtual network West US
`Vnet2\Subnet1 Subnet West US
`Vnet2\GatewaySubnet Subnet West US
`WebApp1 Azure App Service web app East US
`
`WebApp1 uses the Standard pricing tier.
`You need to ensure that WebApp1 can access the virtual machines deployed to Vnet1\Subnet1 and Vnet2\Subnet1. The solution must minimize costs.
`What should you create in each virtual network? 

- [x] Vnet1: An additional subnet 
- [ ] Vnet1: A peering connection 
- [ ] Vnet1: A private endpoint 
- [ ] Vnet1: A VPN gateway
- [ ] Vnet2: An additional subnet 
- [ ] Vnet2: A peering connection 
- [ ] Vnet2: A private endpoint 
- [x] Vnet2: A VPN gateway

#### 055::



- [x] Subnet2 can contain only App Service apps in the ASP1 App Service plan : Yes
- [ ] Subnet2 can contain only App Service apps in the ASP1 App Service plan : No 
- [ ] As12 will use an IP address from Subnet2 for network communications : Yes 
- [x] As12 will use an IP address from Subnet2 for network communications : No 
- [x] Computers in Vnet1 will connect to a private IP address when they connect to as12 : Yes 
- [ ] Computers in Vnet1 will connect to a private IP address when they connect to as12 : No


#### page015;chatbotgenerated;056::
`You have a hub-and-spoke topology. The topology includes multiple on-premises locations that connect to a hub virtual network in Azure via ExpressRoute circuits.
`You have an Azure Application Gateway named GW1 that provides a single point of ingress from the internet.
`You plan to migrate the hub-and-spoke topology to Azure Virtual WAN.
`You need to identify which changes must be applied to the existing topology. The solution must ensure that you maintain a single point of ingress from the internet.
`Which three changes should you include in the solution? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.
`NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one point.

- [ ] Add user-defined routes.
- [ ] Add virtual network peerings.
- [x] Replace the user-defined routes used by the current topology.
- [x] Create virtual network connections.
- [x] Remove the existing virtual network peerings.
- [ ] Redeploy GW1.



#### page014;chatbotgenerated;57::
`You have an application named App1 that listens for incoming requests on a preconfigured group of 50 TCP ports and UDP ports.
`You install App1 on 10 Azure virtual machines.
`You need to implement load balancing for App1 across all the virtual machines. The solution must minimize the number of load balancing rules.
`What should you include in the solution?

- [ ] Azure Application Gateway V2 that has multiple listeners
- [ ] Azure Standard Load Balancer that has Floating IP enabled
- [x] Azure Standard Load Balancer that has high availability (HA) ports enabled
- [ ] Azure Application Gateway v2 that has multiple site hosting enabled




#### 58::
`You register a DNS domain with a third-party registrar.
`You need to host the DNS zone on Azure.
`Which three actions should you perform in sequence? To answer, 
`move the appropriate actions from the list of actions to the answer area and arrange them in the correct order.
`Select and Place:


- [0] Create a public DNS zone.
- [1] Identify the FQDNs of the name servers. 
- [2] Modify the NS records for the domain.
- [ ] Identify the IP addresses of the name servers.
- [ ] Modify the SOA records for the domain.



xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx



#### page013;chatbotgenerated;59::
`You have two Azure virtual networks named Vnet1 and Vnet2.
`You have a Windows 10 device named Client1 that connects to Vnet1 by using a Point-to-Site (P2S) IKEv2 VPN.
`You implement virtual network peering between Vnet1 and Vnet2. Vnet1 allows gateway transit. Vnet2 can use the remote gateway.
`You discover that Client1 cannot communicate with Vnet2.
`You need to ensure that Client1 can communicate with Vnet2.
`Solution: You resize the gateway of Vnet1 to a larger SKU.
`Does this meet the goal?

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No




#### 60::

You have an Azure subscription that contains the virtual networks shown in the following table.


Name In resource group❘ Location
Vnet1 RG1 West US
Vnet2 RG1 Central US
Vnet3 RG2 Central US
Vnet4 RG2 West US
Vnet5 RG3 East US

You plan to deploy an Azure firewall named AF1 to RG1 in the West US Azure region.
To which virtual networks can you deploy AF1?
A. Vnet1 and Vnet4 only
B. Vnet1, Vnet2, Vnet3, and Vnet4
C. Vnet1 only
D. Vnet1 and Vnet2 only
E. Vnet1, Vnet2, and Vnet4 only






You have two Azure App Service instances that host the web apps shown the following table.


Name -----------Web app URLs
As1.contoso.com https://app1.contoso.com/
-----------------https://app2.contoso.com/
As2.contoso.com https://app3.contoso.com/
-----------------https://app4.contoso.com/


You deploy an Azure 2 that has one public frontend IP address and two backend pools.

You need to publish all the web apps to the application gateway. Requests must be routed based on the HTTP host headers.

What is the minimum number of listeners and routing rules you should configure? 



Listeners: 0
Listeners: 1
Listeners: 2
Listeners: 3
Listeners: 4

Routing rules: 0
Routing rules: 1
Routing rules: 2
Routing rules: 3
Routing rules: 4







Your company has four branch offices and an Azure subscription. The subscription contains an Azure VPN gateway named GW1.

The branch offices are configured as shown in the following table.


Name Local router Local network gateway Connection VPN gateway
Branch1 RTR1 LNG1 Connection1 GW1
Branch2 RTR2 LNG2 Connection2 GW1
Branch3 RTR3 LNG3 Connection3 GW1
Branch4 RTR4 LNG4 Connection4 GW1


The branch office routers provide internet connectivity and Site-to-Site VPN connections to GW1.

The users in Branch1 report that they can connect to internet resources, but cannot access Azure resources.

You need to ensure that the Branch1 users can connect to the Azure resources. The solution must meet the following requirements:

• Minimize downtime for all users.
• Minimize administrative effort.

What should you do first?

A. Recreate LNG1.
B. Reset RTR1.
C. Reset Connection1.
D. Reset GW1.







You have an Azure subscription that contains a virtual network named Vnet1 and an Azure SQL database named SQL1. SQL1 has a private endpoint on Vnet1.

You have a partner company named Fabrikam, Inc. Fabrikam has an Azure subscription that contains a virtual network named Vnet2 and a virtual machine named VM1. VM1 is connected to Vnet2.

You need to provide VM1 with access to SQL1 by using an Azure Private Link service.

What should you implement on each virtual network? To answer, drag the appropriate resources to the correct virtual networks. Each resource may be used once, more than once, or not at all. You may need to drag the split bar between panes or scroll to view content.

A NAT gateway
A peering link
A private endpoint
A service endpoint
An Azure application gateway
An Azure load balancer

Vnet1:
Vnet2:







You have an Azure subscription that contains the resources shown in the following table.


Name Туре Description
Vnet1 Virtual network None
Subnet1 Virtual subnet Hosted in Vnet1
GatewaySubnet Virtual subnet Hosted in Vnet1
VM1 Virtual machine Connected to Subnet1
--------------------Basic SKU public IP address
VM2 Virtual machine Connected to Subnet2
--------------------Standard SKU public IP address

You plan to deploy an Azure Virtual Network NAT gateway named Gateway1. The solution must meet the following requirements:

• VM1 will access the internet by using its public IP address.
• VM2 will access the internet by using its public IP address.
• Administrative effort must be minimized.

You need to ensure that you can deploy Gateway1 to Vnet1.

What is the minimum number of subnets required on Vnet1?

A. 2
B. 3
C. 4
D. 5













HOTSPOT
-

You have an Azure subscription that contains the virtual networks shown in the following table.



You have a virtual machine named VM5 that has the following IP address configurations:

• IP address:10.4.0.5
• Subnet mask:255.255.255.0
• Default gateway: 10.4.0.1
• DNS server: 168.63.129.16

You have an Azure Private DNS zone named fabrikam.com that contains the records shown in the following table.



The virtual network links in the fabrikam.com DNS zone are configured as shown in the exhibit. (Click the Exhibit tab.)



VM5 fails to resolve the IP address for app1.fabrikam.com.

For each of the following statements, select Yes if the statement is true. Otherwise, select No.

NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one point.













#### page012;chatbotgenerated::
`Your company has five offices. Each office has a firewall device and a local internet connection. The offices connect to a third-party SD-WAN.
`
`You have an Azure subscription that contains a virtual network named Vnet1. Vnet1 contains a virtual network gateway named Gateway1. Each office connects to Gateway1 by using a Site-to-Site VPN connection.
`
`You need to replace the third-party SD-WAN with an Azure Virtual WAN.
`
`What should you include in the solution?

- [x] Delete Gateway1.
- [ ] Create new Point-to-Site (P2S) VPN connections on the firewall devices.
- [ ] Create an Azure Traffic Manager profile.
- [ ] Enable active-active mode on Gateway1.













#### page011;chatbotgenerated::
`You are planning the IP addressing for the subnets in Azure virtual networks.
`
`Which type of resource requires IP addresses in the subnets?

- [x] internal load balancers
- [ ] Azure DDoS Protection for virtual networks
- [ ] service endpoint policies
- [ ] service endpoints











#### page010;chatbotgenerated(answered by chat)::
`You have an Azure subscription that contains four virtual networks named VNet1, VNet2, VNet3, and VNet4.
`
`You plan to deploy a hub and spoke topology by using virtual network peering.
`
`You need to configure VNet1 as the hub network. The solution must meet the following requirements:
`
`• Support transitive routing between spokes.
`• Maximize network throughput.
`
`What should you include in the solution?

- [ ] Azure VPN Gateway
- [x] Azure Route Server
- [ ] Azure Private Link
- [ ] Azure Firewall















You have an Azure subscription that contains the resource groups shown in the following table.


Name Location
RG1 East US
RG2 East US
RG3 UK West


You have the virtual networks shown in the following table.


Name Location IP address space Resource group
Vnet1 East US 10.1.0.0/16 RG1
Vnet2 West US 10.2.0.0/16 RG2
Vnet3 UK West 10.1.0.0/16 RG3

You have the subnets shown in the following table.


Name Virtual network IP address range 
Subnet1-1 Vnet1 10.1.1.0/24
Subnet2-1 Vnet2 10.2.1.0/24
Subnet3-1 Vnet3 10.1.1.0/24

For each of the following statements, select Yes if the statement is true. Otherwise, select No.

NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one point.


















You are planning the IP addressing for the subnets in Azure virtual networks.

Which type of resource requires IP addresses in the subnets?

A. internal load balancers
B. Azure DDoS Protection for virtual networks
C. service endpoint policies
D. service endpoints















You have an Azure subscription that contains a virtual network named Vnet1. Vnet1 has a /24 IPv4 address space.

You need to subdivide Vnet1. The solution must maximize the number of usable subnets.

What is the maximum number of IPv4 subnets you can create, and how many usable IP addresses will be available per subnet? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.











You have an Azure subscription that contains the resources shown in the following table.



The virtual network topology is shown in the following exhibit.



Firewall1 is configured as shown in following exhibit.



FirewallPolicy1 contains the following rules:

• Allow outbound traffic from Vnet1 and Vnet2 to the internet.
• Allow any traffic between Vnet1 and Vnet2.

No custom private endpoints, service endpoints, routing tables, or network security groups (NSGs) were created.

For each of the following statements, select Yes if the statement is true. Otherwise, select No.

NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one point.



















Your company has 40 branch offices across North America and Europe.

You have an Azure subscription that contains the following virtual networks:

• Two networks in the East US Azure region
• Three networks in the West Europe Azure region

You need to implement Azure Virtual WAN. The solution must meet the following requirements:

• Each branch office in North America must have an ExpressRoute circuit and a Site-to-Site VPN that connects to the East US region.
• Each branch office in Europe must have an ExpressRoute circuit and a Site-to-Site VPN that connects to the West Europe region.
• Transitive connections must be supported between all the branch offices and all the virtual networks.
• Costs must be minimized.

What is the minimum number of Virtual WAN resources required? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.

NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one point.



















You have a DNS domain named contoso.com that is hosted by a third-party domain name registrar.

You have an Azure subscription.

You need to ensure that all DNS queries for the contoso.com domain are resolved by using Azure DNS.

What should you create in the registrar, and what should you create in Azure? To answer, drag the appropriate options to the correct targets. Each option may be used once, more than once, or not at all. You may need to drag the split bar between panes or scroll to view content.

NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one point.















You have an on-premises network.

You have an Azure subscription that contains the resources shown in the following table.



You need to implement an ExpressRoute circuit to access the resources in the subscription. The solution must ensure that the on-premises network connects to the Azure resources by using the ExpressRoute circuit.

Which type of peering should you use for each connection? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.

NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one point.













#### page009;chatbotgenerated::
`You are planning the IP addressing for the subnets in Azure virtual networks.
`
`Which type of resource requires IP addresses in the subnets?

- [ ] storage account
- [x] internal load balancers
- [ ] service endpoints
- [ ] virtual network peering












You have the on-premises networks shown in the following table.



You have an Azure subscription that contains an Azure virtual WAN named VWAN1 and a virtual network named VNet1. VWAN is connected to the on-premises networks and VNet1 in a full mesh topology. The virtual hub routing preference for VWAN1 is AS Path.

You need to route traffic from VNet1 to 10.61.1.5.

Which path will be used?

A. the VPN connection to Branch1
B. the VPN connection to Branch2
C. the ExpressRoute connection to Branch2
D. the ExpressRoute connection to Branch3





















Case Study
-

This is a case study. Case studies are not timed separately. You can use as much exam time as you would like to complete each case. However, there may be additional case studies and sections on this exam. You must manage your time to ensure that you are able to complete all questions included on this exam in the time provided.

To answer the questions included in a case study, you will need to reference information that is provided in the case study. Case studies might contain exhibits and other resources that provide more information about the scenario that is described in the case study. Each question is independent of the other questions in this case study.

At the end of this case study, a review screen will appear. This screen allows you to review your answers and to make changes before you move to the next section of the exam. After you begin a new section, you cannot return to this section.


To start the case study
-
To display the first question in this case study, click the Next button. Use the buttons in the left pane to explore the content of the case study before you answer the questions. Clicking these buttons displays information such as business requirements, existing environment, and problem statements. When you are ready to answer a question, click the Question button to return to the question.


Overview
-

Contoso, Ltd. is a consulting company that has a main office in San Francisco and a branch office in Dallas.

Contoso recently purchased an Azure subscription and is performing its first pilot project in Azure.


Existing Environment
-


Azure Network Infrastructure
-

Contoso has an Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) tenant named contoso.com.

The Azure subscription contains the virtual networks shown in the following table.



Vnet1 contains a virtual network gateway named GW1.


Azure Virtual Machines
-

The Azure subscription contains virtual machines that run Windows Server 2019 as shown in the following table.



The NSGs are associated to the network interfaces on the virtual machines. Each NSG has one custom security rule that allows RDP connections from the internet. The firewall on each virtual machine allows ICMP traffic.

An application security group named ASG1 is associated to the network interface of VM1.

Azure Network Infrastructure Diagram




Azure Private DNS Zones
-

The Azure subscription contains the Azure private DNS zones shown in the following table.



Zone1.contoso.com has the virtual network links shown in the following table.




Other Azure Resources
-

The Azure subscription contains additional resources as shown in the following table.




Requirements
-


Virtual Network Requirements
-

Contoso has the following virtual network requirements:

• Create a virtual network named Vnet6 in West US that will contain the following resources and configurations:
o Two container groups that connect to Vnet6
o Three virtual machines that connect to Vnet6
o Allow VPN connections to be established to Vnet6
o Allow the resources in Vnet6 to access KeyVault1, DB1, and Vnet1 over the Microsoft backbone network.
• The virtual machines in Vnet4 and Vnet5 must be able to communicate over the Microsoft backbone network.
• A virtual machine named VM-Analyze will be deployed to Subnet1. VM-Analyze must inspect the outbound network traffic from Subnet2 to the internet.


Network Security Requirements
-

Contoso has the following network security requirements:

• Configure Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) authentication for Point-to-Site (P2S) VPN users.
• Enable NSG flow logs for NSG3 and NSG4.
• Create an NSG named NSG10 that will be associated to Vnet1/Subnet1 and will have the custom inbound security rules shown in the following table.

• Create an NSG named NSG11 that will be associated to Vnet1/Subnet2 and will have the custom outbound security rules shown in the following table.


You are implementing the virtual network requirements for Vnet6.

What is the minimum number of subnets and service endpoints you should create? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.

NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one point.
















#### page008;chatbotgenerated::
`You have an Azure subscription that contains a virtual network named VNet1.
`
`You deploy several web apps and configure the apps to use private endpoints on VNet1.
`
`You need to identify which DNS records the web apps registered automatically.
`
`Where will the records be created?

- [ ] an Azure DNS zone named privatelink.azurewebsites.net
- [ ] an Azure Private DNS zone named azurewebsites.net
- [x] an Azure Private DNS zone named privatelink.azurewebsites.net
- [ ] an Azure DNS zone named azurewebsites.net

















You have an Azure subscription that contain a storage account named st1 in the East US Azure region.

You have the virtual networks shown in the following table.



You have the subnets shown in the following table.



For each of the following statements, select Yes if the statement is true. Otherwise, select No.

NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one point.

























#### page007;chatbotgenerated::
`You are planning the IP addressing for the subnets in Azure virtual networks.
`
`Which type of resource requires IP addresses in the subnets?

- [ ] storage account
- [x] internal load balancers
- [ ] service endpoints
- [ ] service endpoint policies













You have the Azure virtual networks shown in the following table.



You deploy Azure Firewall to Vnet3.

You need to ensure that the traffic from Subnet1-1 to Subnet2-1 passes through the firewall.

What should you configure?

A. peering links between Vnet1 and Vnet2
B. a route table associated to Subnet1-1 and Subnet2-1
C. an Azure private DNS zone
D. a route table associated to AzureFirewallSubnet
















#### page006;chatbotgenerated::
`You plan to implement an Azure virtual network that will contain 10 virtual subnets. The subnets will use IPv6 addresses. Each subnet will host up to 200 load-balanced virtual machines.
`
`You need to recommend which subnet mask size to use for the virtual subnets.
`
`What should you recommend?

- [x] /64
- [ ] /120
- [ ] /48
- [ ] /24













DRAG DROP
-

You have two on-premises datacenters.

You have an Azure subscription that contains four virtual networks named VNet1, VNet2, VNet3, and VNet4.

You create an Azure virtual WAN named VWAN1. VWAN1 contains a single virtual hub that is connected to both on-premises datacenters and all the virtual networks in a full mesh topology.

You create a route table named RT1.

You need to configure VWAN1 to meet the following requirements:

• Connectivity between VNet1 and VNet2 and both on-premises datacenters must be allowed.
• Connectivity between VNet3 and VNet4 and both on-premises datacenters must be allowed.
• VNet1 and VNet2 must be isolated from VNet3 and VNet4.

How should you configure routing for VNet1 and VNet2 and for both on-premises datacenters? To answer, drag the appropriate route tables and route table propagation to the correct requirements. Each route table and route table propagation may be used once, more than once, or not at all. You may need to drag the split bar between panes or scroll to view content.

NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one point.




















#### page005;chatbotgenerated::
`You are planning the IP addressing for the subnets in Azure virtual networks.
`
`Which type of resource requires IP addresses in the subnets?

- [ ] Azure Virtual Network NAT
- [ ] service endpoint policies
- [x] internal load balancers
- [ ] virtual network peering


















?????????????????????????????////



You have an Azure subscription that contains an Azure key vault named Vault1 and an app registration for an Azure AD app named App1.

You have a DNS domain named contoso.com that is hosted by a third-party DNS provider.

You plan to deploy App1 by using Azure App Service. App1 will have the following configurations:

• App1 will be hosted across five App Service apps.
• Users will access App1 by using a URL of https://app1.contoso.com.
• The user traffic of App1 will be managed by using Azure Front Door.
• The traffic between Front Door and the App Service apps will be sent by using HTTP.
• App1 will be secured by using an SSL certificate from a third-party certificate authority (CA).

You need to support the Front Door deployment.

Which two DNS records should you create, and to where should you import the SSL certificate for App1? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.

NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one point.





















#### page004;chatbotgenerated::
`You have an Azure subscription that contains a virtual network named VNet1. VNet1 has a subnet mask of /24.
`
`You plan to implement an Azure application gateway that will have the following configurations:
`
`• Public endpoints: 1
`• Private endpoints: 1
`• Minimum instances: 1
`• Maximum instances: 10
`
`You need to configure the address space for the subnet of the application gateway. The solution must minimize the number of IP addresses allocated to the application gateway subnet.
`What is the minimum number of assignable IP addresses required?

- [ ] 1
- [ ] 2
- [x] 11
- [ ] 12
- [ ] 20




















Your on-premises network contains a server named DNS1 that runs Windows Server 2022. DNS1 has the DNS server role and an IP address of 10.1.0.1. The network contains computers that use DNS1 for name resolution.

You have an Azure subscription that contains the resources shown in the following table.



The on-premises network connects to Vnet1 by using a Site-to-Site VPN.

You need to ensure that the computers on the on-premises network can resolve the IP address for sql1.private.fabrikam.com.

What should you do on DNS1 and DNS2? To answer, drag the appropriate actions to the correct servers. Each action may be used once, more than once, or not at all. You may need to drag the split bar between panes or scroll to view content.

NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one point.





















You have an Azure subscription that contains the resources shown in the following table.



You need to associate Gateway1 with Subnet1. The solution must minimize downtime on VM1.

Which three actions should you perform in sequence? To answer, move the appropriate actions from the list of actions to the answer area and arrange them in the correct order.























Your on-premises network contains the subnets shown in the following table.



The network contains a firewall named FW1 that uses a public IP address of 131.107.100.200.

You have an Azure subscription that contains the resources shown in the following table.



You plan to configure a Site-to-Site (S2S) VPN named VPN1 that will connect GW1 to FW1.

You need to configure LNG1 to support VPN1. The solution must meet the following requirements:

• Ensure that the resources on Subnet1 and Subnet2 can communicate with the resources on VNet1.
• Minimize administrative effort.

How should you configure LNG1? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.

NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one point.
























Case Study
-

This is a case study. Case studies are not timed separately. You can use as much exam time as you would like to complete each case. However, there may be additional case studies and sections on this exam. You must manage your time to ensure that you are able to complete all questions included on this exam in the time provided.

To answer the questions included in a case study, you will need to reference information that is provided in the case study. Case studies might contain exhibits and other resources that provide more information about the scenario that is described in the case study. Each question is independent of the other questions in this case study.

At the end of this case study, a review screen will appear. This screen allows you to review your answers and to make changes before you move to the next section of the exam. After you begin a new section, you cannot return to this section.


To start the case study
-
To display the first question in this case study, click the Next button. Use the buttons in the left pane to explore the content of the case study before you answer the questions. Clicking these buttons displays information such as business requirements, existing environment, and problem statements. When you are ready to answer a question, click the Question button to return to the question.


Overview
-

Contoso, Ltd. is a consulting company that has a main office in San Francisco and a branch office in Dallas.

Contoso recently purchased an Azure subscription and is performing its first pilot project in Azure.


Existing Environment
-


Azure Network Infrastructure
-

Contoso has an Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) tenant named contoso.com.

The Azure subscription contains the virtual networks shown in the following table.



Vnet1 contains a virtual network gateway named GW1.


Azure Virtual Machines
-

The Azure subscription contains virtual machines that run Windows Server 2019 as shown in the following table.



The NSGs are associated to the network interfaces on the virtual machines. Each NSG has one custom security rule that allows RDP connections from the internet. The firewall on each virtual machine allows ICMP traffic.

An application security group named ASG1 is associated to the network interface of VM1.

Azure Network Infrastructure Diagram





Azure Private DNS Zones
-

The Azure subscription contains the Azure private DNS zones shown in the following table.



Zone1.contoso.com has the virtual network links shown in the following table.




Other Azure Resources
-

The Azure subscription contains additional resources as shown in the following table.




Requirements
-


Virtual Network Requirements
-

Contoso has the following virtual network requirements:

• Create a virtual network named Vnet6 in West US that will contain the following resources and configurations:
o Two container groups that connect to Vnet6
o Three virtual machines that connect to Vnet6
o Allow VPN connections to be established to Vnet6
o Allow the resources in Vnet6 to access KeyVault1, DB1, and Vnet1 over the Microsoft backbone network.
• The virtual machines in Vnet4 and Vnet5 must be able to communicate over the Microsoft backbone network.
• A virtual machine named VM-Analyze will be deployed to Subnet1. VM-Analyze must inspect the outbound network traffic from Subnet2 to the internet.


Network Security Requirements
-

Contoso has the following network security requirements:

• Configure Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) authentication for Point-to-Site (P2S) VPN users.
• Enable NSG flow logs for NSG3 and NSG4.
• Create an NSG named NSG10 that will be associated to Vnet1/Subnet1 and will have the custom inbound security rules shown in the following table.

• Create an NSG named NSG11 that will be associated to Vnet1/Subnet2 and will have the custom outbound security rules shown in the following table.



Which virtual machines can VM1 and VM4 ping successfully before NSG10 and NSG11 are created? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.

NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one point.




















Note: This question is part of a series of questions that present the same scenario. Each question in the series contains a unique solution that might meet the stated goals. Some question sets might have more than one correct solution, while others might not have a correct solution.
After you answer a question in this section, you will NOT be able to return to it. As a result, these questions will not appear in the review screen.
You have an Azure application gateway that has Azure Web Application Firewall (WAF) enabled.
You configure the application gateway to direct traffic to the URL of the application gateway.
You attempt to access the URL and receive an HTTP 403 error. You view the diagnostics log and discover the following error.


{
"timestamp": "2021-06-02T18:13:45+00:00",
"resourceID":
"/SUBSCRIPTIONS/489f2hht-se7y-987v-g571-463hw3679512/RESOURCEGROUPS/RG1/PROVIDERS/MICROSOFT.NETWORK/APPLICATIONGATEWAYS/AGW1",
"operationName": "ApplicationGatewayFirewall", "category": "ApplicationGatewayFirewallLog",
"properties":{
        "instanceId": "appgw_0",
        "clientIp": "137.135.10.24", "client Port": "",
        "requestUri": "/login",
        "ruleSetType": "OWASP_CRS",
        "ruleSetVersion": "3.0.0",
        "ruleId": "920300",
        "message": "Request Missing an Accept Header",
        "action": "Matched",
        "site": "Global",
        "details": {
                },
                "message": "Warning. Match of \\\"pm AppleWebKit Android\\\" against \\\"REQUEST_HEADER: User-Agent\\\" required. ",
                "data": "",
                "file": "rules\/REQUEST-920-PROTOCOL-ENFORCEMENT.Conf",
                "line": "1247"
        "hostname": "appl.contoso.com",
        "transactionId": "f7546159y1hjk7wal145681f5131t68h7", "policyId": "default",
        "policyScope": "Global",
        "poplicyScopeName": "Global",
}

You need to ensure that the URL is accessible through the application gateway from any IP address.
Solution: You configure a custom cookie and an exclusion rule.
Does this meet the goal?
A. Yes
B. No























HOTSPOT -
You have an Azure subscription that contains the route tables and routes shown in the following table.


Route table name Route name Prefix Destination
RT1 Default Route 0.0.0.0/0 VirtualNetworkGateway
RT2 Default Route 0.0.0.0/0 Internet

The subscription contains the subnets shown in the following table.


Name Prefix Route table Virtual network
Subnet1 10.10.1.0/24 RT1 Vnet1
Subnet2 10.10.2.0/24 RT2 Vnet1
GatewaySubnet 10.10.3.0/24 None Vnet1


The subscription contains the virtual machines shown in the following table.


Name IP address 
VM1 10.10.1.5
VM2 10.10.2.5

The subscription contains the local network gateways shown in the following table.


Name Prefix Default site
New York 10.9.0.0/16 Yes
Seattle 10.8.0.0/16 No

There is a Site-to-Site VPN connection to each local network gateway.
For each of the following statements, select Yes if the statement is true. Otherwise, select No.
NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one point.


Traffic from VM2 to the internet is routed through the New-York Site-to-Site VPN connection : Yes 
Traffic from VM2 to the internet is routed through the New-York Site-to-Site VPN connection : No 
Traffic from VM1 to VM2 is routed through the New-York Site-to-Site VPN connection : Yes 
Traffic from VM1 to VM2 is routed through the New-York Site-to-Site VPN connection : No
Traffic from VM1 to the internet is routed through the New-York Site-to-Site VPN connection : Yes 
Traffic from VM1 to the internet is routed through the New-York Site-to-Site VPN connection : No


















You have an Azure subscription that contains the public IP addresses shown in the following table.


Name IP version SKU IP address assignment
IP1 IPv4 Basic Static
IP2 IPv4 Basic Dynamic
IP3 IPv4 Standard Static
IP4 IPv6 Basic Dynamic
IP5 IPv6 Standard Static

You plan to deploy a NAT gateway named NAT1.
Which public IP addresses can be used as the public IP address for NAT1?
A. IP3 only
B. IP5 only
C. IP2 and IP4 only
D. IP1, IP3 and IP5 only
E. IP3 and IP5 only





















#### page003;chatbotgenerated::
`You have an Azure application gateway named AGW1 that has a routing rule named Rule1. Rule1 directs traffic for http://www.contoso.com to a backend pool named Pool1. Pool1 targets an Azure virtual machine scale set named VMSS1.
`You deploy another virtual machine scale set named VMSS2.
`You need to configure AGW1 to direct all traffic for http://www.adatum.com to VMSS2.
`The solution must ensure that requests to http://www.contoso.com continue to be directed to Pool1.
`Which three actions should you perform? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.
`NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one point.

- [x] Add a backend pool.
- [ ] Modify an HTTP setting.
- [ ] Add an HTTP setting.
- [x] Add a listener.
- [x] Add a rule.






















You have an Azure Traffic Manager parent profile named TM1. TM1 has two child profiles named TM2 and TM3.
TM1 uses the performance traffic-routing method and has the endpoints shown in the following table.


Name Location 
App1 North Europe
App2 East US
App3 Central US
TM2 West Europe
TM3 West US

TM2 uses the weighted traffic-routing method with MinChildEndpoint = 2 and has the endpoints shown in the following table.


Name Location Weight
App4 West Europe 99
App5 West Europe 1 

TM3 uses priority traffic-routing method and has the endpoints shown in the following table.


Name Location 
App6 West US
App2 East US


The App2, App4, and App6 endpoints have a degraded monitoring status.
To which endpoint is traffic directed? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.



Traffic from West Europe: App1
Traffic from West Europe: App2
Traffic from West Europe: App4
Traffic from West Europe: App5

Traffic from West US: App1
Traffic from West US: App2
Traffic from West US: App3
Traffic from West US: Аррб





















#### page002;chatbotgenerated::
`You have an Azure application gateway that has Azure Web Application Firewall (WAF) enabled.
`You configure the application gateway to direct traffic to the URL of the application gateway.
`You attempt to access the URL and receive an HTTP 403 error. You view the diagnostics log and discover the following error.
`
`You need to ensure that the URL is accessible through the application gateway from any IP address.
`Solution: You add a rewrite rule for the host header.
`Does this meet the goal?

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No






















HOTSPOT -
You have an Azure Front Door instance that provides access to a web app. The web app uses a hostname of www.contoso.com.
You have the routing rules shown in the following table.

Which rule will apply to each incoming request? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.
NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one point
Hot Area:






















#### page001;chatbotgenerated::
`You have an Azure application gateway that has Azure Web Application Firewall (WAF) enabled.`
`You configure the application gateway to direct traffic to the URL of the application gateway.`
`You attempt to access the URL and receive an HTTP 403 error. You view the diagnostics log and discover the following error.`

`You need to ensure that the URL is accessible through the application gateway.`
`Solution: You disable the WAF rule that has a ruleId 920300.`
`Does this meet the goal?`

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No
















#### page001::
`You have an Azure subscription that contains an Azure App Service app. The app uses a URL of https://www.contoso.com.
`You need to use a custom domain on Azure Front Door for www.contoso.com. The custom domain must use a certificate from an allowed certification authority
`(CA).
`What should you include in the solution?

- [ ] an enterprise application in Azure Active Directory (Azure AD)
- [ ] Active Directory Certificate Services (AD CS)
- [x] Azure Key Vault
- [ ] Azure Application Gateway












#### page024.5::
`You have an Azure application gateway for a web app named App1. The application gateway allows end-to-end encryption.
`You configure the listener for HTTPS by uploading an enterprise-signed certificate.
`You need to ensure that the application gateway can provide end-to-end encryption for App1.
`What should you do?

- [ ] Increase the Unhealthy threshold setting in the custom probe.
- [ ] Enable the SSL profile to the listener.
- [ ] Set Listener type to Multi site.
- [x] Upload the public key certificate to the HTTP settings.



















#### page025.1::
`You have an Azure virtual network named Vnet1 that contains two subnets named Subnet1 and Subnet2.
`You have the NAT gateway shown in the NATgateway1 exhibit.
`
`
`
`NATgateway1 NAT gateway
`
`Delete Refresh
`^ Essentials
`------------------------------------------------------------JSON View
`--Resource group (change) --------------------: RG1
`--Location -----------------------------------: North Europe (Zone 1)
`--Subscription (change) ----------------------: Subscription1
`--Subscription ID ----------------------------: 489f2hht-se7y-987v-g571-463hw3679512
`--Virtual network ----------------------------: Vnet1
`--Subnets ------------------------------------: 1
`--Public IP addresses ------------------------: 0
`--Public IP prefixes -------------------------: 1
`--Tags (change) ------------------------------: Click here to add tags
`
`You have the virtual machine shown in the VM1 exhibit.
`
`
`»
`VM1
`Virtual machine
`Connect Start Restart ■Stop Capture Delete Refresh
`
`--^ Essentials
`--Resource group (change)---------------Operating system
`--RG1-----------------------------------Windows
`----------------------------------------
`--Status--------------------------------Size
`--Running-------------------------------Standard B1s (1 vcpus, 1 GiB memory)
`----------------------------------------
`--Location------------------------------Public IP address
`--North Europe (Zone 2)-----------------
`----------------------------------------Virtual network/subnet Vnet1/Subnet1
`--Subscription (change)-----------------DNS name
`--Subscription1
`--
`--Subscription ID
`--489f2hht-se7y-987v-g571-463hw3679512
`--
`--Availability zone
`--2
`--
`--Tags (change)
`--Click here to add tags
`
`Subnet1 is configured as shown in the Subnet1 exhibit.
`
`
`Subnet1
`Vnet1
`
`Name Subnet1
`Subnet address range
`        10.100.1.0/24
`----------------------10.100.1.0-10.100.1.255 (251 + 5 Azure reserved addresses)
`
`[] Add IPv6 address space
`
`NAT gateway
`        NATgateway1
`Network security group
`        None
`Route table
`        None
`
`SERVICE ENDPOINTS
`Create service endpoint policies to allow traffic to specific azure resources from your 
`virtual network over service endpoints. Learn more
`
`Services
`        O selected
`
`SUBNET DELEGATION
`Delegate subnets to a service
`        None
`
`For each of the following statements, select Yes if the statement is true. Otherwise, select No.


- [ ] VM1 can communicate outbound by using NATgateway1 : Yes
- [x] VM1 can communicate outbound by using NATgateway1 : No
- [x] The virtual machines in Subnet2 communicate outbound by using NATgateway1 : Yes 
- [ ] The virtual machines in Subnet2 communicate outbound by using NATgateway1 : No
- [ ] All the virtual machines that use NATgateway1 to connect to the internet use the same public IP address : Yes 
- [x] All the virtual machines that use NATgateway1 to connect to the internet use the same public IP address : No




















#### page025.2::
`You have an Azure application gateway named AppGW1 that balances requests to a web app named App1.
`You need to modify the server variables in the response header of App1.
`What should you configure on AppGW1?

- [ ] HTTP settings
- [x] rewrites
- [ ] rules
- [ ] listeners

















#### page025.3::
`You have an Azure Virtual Desktop deployment that has 500 session hosts.
`All outbound traffic to the internet uses a NAT gateway.
`During peak business hours, some users report that they cannot access internet resources. In Azure Monitor, you discover many failed SNAT connections.
`You need to increase the available SNAT connections.
`What should you do?

- [ ] Bind the NAT gateway to another subnet.
- [x] Add a public IP address.
- [ ] Deploy Azure Standard Load Balancer that has outbound rules.




















#### page025.4; why ?? ::
`
`You have an Azure subscription that contains the public IPv4 addresses shown in the following table.
`
`
`Name SKU IP address assignment Location
`IP1 Basic Static West US
`IP2 Basic Dynamic West US
`IP3 Standard Static West US
`IP4 Basic Static West US 2
`IP5 Standard Static West US 2
`
`
`You plan to create a load balancer named LB1 that will have the following settings:
`✑ Name: LB1
`✑ Location: West US
`✑ Type: Public
`✑ SKU: Standard
`Which public IPv4 addresses can be used by LB1?

- [ ] IP1, IP3, IP4, and IP5 only
- [x] IP3 only
- [ ] IP1 and IP3 only
- [ ] IP2 only
- [ ] IP1, IP2, IP3, IP4, and IP5
- [ ] IP3 and IP5 only



















#### page025.5::
You have the Azure environment shown in the exhibit.



                                    IP3
                    IP2
                            IP1
                                    NAT Gateway


--------/Basic Load Balancer--------------------
--------|
--------|
--------|   Backend Pool
--------|           SubnetA
--------|       VM1
--------|           VM2
--------|             
--------|                   ----Gateway Subnet\
--------|                   |   Virtual  
--------|                   |     Network
--------|                   |       Gateway
--------|                   |                     IP4
--------|                   \------------------
        \VNet1--------------------------------


VM1 is a virtual machine that has an instance-level public IP address (ILPIP).
Basic Load Balancer uses a public IP address. VM1 and VM2 are in the backend pool.
NAT Gateway uses a public IP address named IP3 that is associated to SubnetA.
VNet1 has a virtual network gateway that has a public IP address named IP4.
When initiating outbound traffic to the internet from VM1, which public address is used?

- [ ] IP1
- [ ] IP2
- [x] IP3
- [ ] IP4





https://www.examtopics.com/exams/microsoft/az-700/view/25/















#### page026.1::
`You are configuring two network virtual appliances (NVAs) in an Azure virtual network. The NVAs will be used to inspect all the traffic within the virtual network.
`You need to provide high availability for the NVAs. The solution must minimize administrative effort.
`What should you include in the solution?

- [x] Azure Standard Load Balancer
- [ ] Azure Application Gateway
- [ ] Azure Traffic Manager
- [ ] Azure Front Door























#### page026.2::
`You have five virtual machines that run Windows Server. Each virtual machine hosts a different web app.
`You plan to use an Azure application gateway to provide access to each web app by using a hostname of www.contoso.com and a different URL path for each web app, for example: https://www.contoso.com/app1.
`You need to control the flow of traffic based on the URL path.
`What should you configure?

- [ ] HTTP settings
- [ ] listeners
- [x] rules
- [ ] rewrites



















#### page026.3::
`You plan to publish a website that will use an FQDN of www.contoso.com. The website will be hosted by using the Azure App Service apps shown in the following table.
`
`
`Name FQDN Location Public IP address
`AS1 As1.contoso.com East US 131.107.100.1
`AS2 As2.contoso.com West US 131.107.200.1
`
`You plan to use Azure Traffic Manager to manage the routing of traffic for www.contoso.com between AS1 and AS2.
`You create a Traffic Manager profile named TMprofile1. TMprofile1 uses the weighted traffic-routing method.
`You need to ensure that Traffic Manager routes traffic for www.contoso.com.
`Which DNS record should you create?

- [ ] two A records that map www.contoso.com to 131.107.100.1 and 131.107.200.1
- [ ] a CNAME record that maps www.contoso.com to TMprofile1.azurefd.net
- [x] a CNAME record that maps www.contoso.com to TMprofile1.trafficmanager.net
- [ ] a TXT record that contains a string of as1.contoso.com and as2.contoso.com in the details




















#### page026.4::
`You have an Azure application gateway that has Azure Web Application Firewall (WAF) enabled.
`You configure the application gateway to direct traffic to the URL of the application gateway.
`You attempt to access the URL and receive an HTTP 403 error. You view the diagnostics log and discover the following error.
`
`
`{
`"timestamp": "2021-06-02T18:13:45+00:00",
`"resourceID": "/SUBSCRIPTIONS/489f2hht-se7y-987v-g571-463hw3679512/RESOURCEGROUPS/RG1/PROVIDERS/MICROSOFT.NETWORK/APPLICATIONGATEWAYS/AGW1",
`"operationName": "ApplicationGatewayFirewall", 
`"category": "ApplicationGatewayFirewallLog",
`"properties":{
`    "instanceId": "appgw_0",
`    "clientIp": "137.135.10.24", 
`    "client Port": "",
`    "requestUri": "/login",
`    "ruleSetType": "OWASP_CRS",
`    "ruleSetVersion": "3.0.0",
`    "ruleId": "920300",
`    "message": "Request Missing an Accept Header",
`    "action": "Matched",
`    "site": "Global",
`    "details": {
`        "message": "Warning. Match of \\\"pm AppleWebKit Android\\\" against \\\"REQUEST_HEADER: User-Agent\\\" required. ",
`        "data": "",
`        "file": "rules\/REQUEST-920-PROTOCOL-ENFORCEMENT.Conf",
`        "line": "1247"
`    },
`    "hostname": "appl.contoso.com",
`    "transactionId": "f7546159y1hjk7wal145681f5131t68h7", "policyId": "default",
`    "policyScope": "Global",
`    "poplicyScopeName": "Global",
`}
`
`You need to ensure that the URL is accessible through the application gateway from any IP address.
`Solution: You create a WAF policy exclusion for request headers that contain 137.135.10.24.
`Does this meet the goal?

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


















#### page026.5::
Your company has 10 instances of a web service. Each instance is hosted in a different Azure region and is accessible through a public endpoint.
The development department at the company is creating an application named App1. Every 10 minutes, App1 will use a list of endpoints and connect to the first available endpoint.
You plan to use Azure Traffic Manager to maintain the list of endpoints.
You need to configure a Traffic Manager profile that will minimize the impact of DNS caching.
What should you configure? 

- [ ] Traffic Manager algorithm: Geographic
- [x] Traffic Manager algorithm: Multivalue
- [ ] Traffic Manager algorithm: Priority Subnet
- [ ] Endpoint type: Azure endpoint 
- [x] Endpoint type: External endpoint
- [ ] Endpoint type: Nested endpoint






















https://www.examtopics.com/exams/microsoft/az-700/view/27/ last





