##   7.004.25-50



#### 026::
`
`Litware, Inc. is a financial company that has a main datacenter in Boston and 20 branch offices across the United States. Users have Android, iOS, and Windows 10 devices.
`
`
`Existing Environment -
`
`
`Hybrid Environment -
`
`The on-premises network contains an Active Directory forest named litwareinc.com that syncs to an Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) tenant named litwareinc.com by using Azure AD Connect.
`
`All offices connect to a virtual network named Vnet1 by using a Site-to-Site VPN connection.
`
`
`Azure Environment -
`
`Vnet1-----------------|Virtual-network-----------|Uses-an-IP-address-space-of-192.168.0.0/20-------------------|
`Gateway-Subnet--------|Virtual-network-subnet----|Located-in-Vnet1-and-uses-an-IP-address-space-of-           |-
`----------------------|--------------------------|192.168.15.128/29-------------------------------------------|-
`VPNGW1----------------|VPN-gateway---------------|Deployed-to-Vnet1--------------------------------------------|
`Vnet2-----------------|Virtual-network-----------|Uses-an-IP-address-space-of-192.168.16.0/20------------------|
`SubnetA---------------|Virtual-network-subnet----|Located-in-Vnet2-and-uses-an-IP-address-space-of-------------|
`|---------------------|--------------------------|192.168.16.0/24----------------------------------------------
`Vnet3-----------------|Virtual-network-----------|Uses-an-IP-address-space-of-192.168.32.0/20------------------|
`cloud.litwareinc.com--|Private-DNS-zone----------|none---------------------------------------------------------|
`VMScaleSet1-----------|Virtual-machine-scale-set-|Contains-four-virtual-machines-deployed-to-SubnetA-----------|
`VMScaleSet2-----------|Virtual-machine-scale-set-|Contains-two-virtual-machines-deployed-to-SubnetA------------|
`storage1--------------|Storage-account-----------|Has-the-public-endpoint-blocked------------------------------|
`storage2--------------|Storage-account-----------|Has-the-public-endpoint-blocked------------------------------|
`
`
`A diagram of the resource in the East US Azure region is shown in the Azure Network Diagram exhibit.
`
`There is bidirectional peering between Vnet1 and Vnet2. There is bidirectional peering between Vnet1 and Vnet3.
`Currently, Vnet2 and Vnet3 cannot communicate directly.
`
`
`Azure Network Diagram -
`
`--------------------------------------------------------------------------
`--------------------------------------------------------------------------
`--------------Vnet1--------------------------------Vnet2------------------
`---------192.168.0.0/20-----------------------192.168.16.0/20-------------
`--------------------------------------------------------------------------
`--------------<...>--------------------------------<...>------------------
`----------GatewaySubnet----------------------------SubnetA----------------
`---------192.168.15.128/29--------------------192.168.15.128/29-----------
`---------------<.>----------------------------------<.>-------------------
`--------------------------------------------------------------------------
`--------------VPNGW1-------------------------------------------------------
`----------------^--------------------------VMScaleSet1--------VMScaleSet2--
`--Bidirectional-|----------------------------4-VMs--------------2-VMs------
`---peering------|----------------------------------------------------------
`----------------v----------------------------------------------------------
`--------------Vnet3--------------------------------------------------------
`--------192.168.32.0/20---------------------Storage1------------Storage2---
`---------------------------------------------------------------------------
`--------------<...>--------------------------------------------------------
`----------------------------------------------Cloud.litwareinc.com---------
`---------------------------------------------------------------------------
`
`
`Requirements -
`
`
`Business Requirements -
`
`Litware wants to minimize costs whenever possible, as long as all other requirements are met.
`
`
`Virtual Networking Requirements -
`
`Litware identifies the following virtual networking requirements:
`
`• Direct the default route of 0.0.0.0/0 on Vnet2 and Vnet3 to the Boston datacenter over an ExpressRoute circuit.
`• Ensure that the records in the cloud.litwareinc.com can be resolved from the on-premises locations.
`• Automatically register the DNS names of Azure virtual machines to the cloud.litwareinc.com zone.
`• Minimize the size of the subnets allocated to platform-managed services.
`• Allow traffic from VMScaleSet1 to VMScaleSet2 on the TCP port 443 only.
`
`
`Hybrid Networking Requirements -
`
`Litware identifies the following hybrid networking requirements:
`
`• Users must be able to connect to Vnet1 by using a Point-to-Site (P2S) VPN when working remotely. Connections must be authenticated by Azure AD.
`• Latency of the traffic between the Boston datacenter and all the virtual networks must be minimized.
`• The Boston datacenter must connect to the Azure virtual networks by using an ExpressRoute FastPath connection.
`• Traffic between Vnet2 and Vnet3 must be routed through Vnet1.
`
`
`PaaS Networking Requirements -
`
`Litware identifies the following networking requirements for platform as a service (PaaS):
`
`• The storage1 account must be accessible from all on-premises locations without exposing the public endpoint of storage1.
`• The storage2 account must be accessible from Vnet2 and Vnet3 without exposing the public endpoint of storage2.
`
`
`You need to connect Vnet2 and Vnet3. The solution must meet the virtual networking requirements and the business requirements.
`
`Which two actions should you include in the solution? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.
`
`NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one point.

- [ ] On the peering from Vnet1, select Allow for Traffic forwarded from remote virtual network.
- [x] On the peerings from Vnet2 and Vnet3, select Allow for Traffic forwarded from remote virtual network.
- [ ] On the peering from Vnet1, select Use the remote virtual network's gateway or Route Server.
- [ ] On the peering from Vnet1, select Allow for Traffic to remote virtual network.
- [x] On the peerings from Vnet2 and Vnet3, select Use the remote virtual network's gateway or Route Server.


#### 027::
`You have an Azure subscription.
`
`You plan to use Azure Virtual WAN.
`
`You need to deploy a virtual WAN hub that meets the following requirements:
`
`• Supports 4 Gbps of Site-to-Site (S2S) VPN traffic
`• Supports 8 Gbps of ExpressRoute traffic
`• Minimizes costs
`
`How many scale units should you configure?

- [ ] For the S2S VPN gateway: 2
- [ ] For the S2S VPN gateway: 4
- [x] For the S2S VPN gateway: 8
- [ ] For the S2S VPN gateway: 16
- [ ] For the Express Route gateway: 2
- [x] For the Express Route gateway: 4
- [ ] For the Express Route gateway: 8
- [ ] For the Express Route gateway: 16

#### 028::
`You have an on-premises network.
`
`You have an Azure subscription that contains a virtual network named VNet1. VNet1 contains an ExpressRoute gateway.
`
`You need to connect VNet1 to the on-premises network by using an ExpressRoute circuit.
`
`Which four actions should you perform in sequence? To answer, move the appropriate actions from the list of actions to the answer area and arrange them in the correct order.


- [0] Create the Express Route circuit.
- [1] Send a service key to your connectivity provider.
- [2] Configure Azure private peering.
- [3] Create a connection from VNet1 to the Express Route circuit.
- [ ] Configure Azure public peering.

#### 029::
`You have three on-premises networks.
`
`You have an Azure subscription that contains a Basic Azure virtual WAN. The virtual WAN contains a single virtual hub and a virtual network gateway that is limited to a throughput of 1 Gbps.
`
`The on-premises networks connect to the virtual WAN by using Site-to-Site (S2S) VPN connections.
`
`You need to increase the throughput of the virtual WAN to 3 Gbps. The solution must minimize administrative effort.
`
`What should you do?

- [ ] Upgrade the virtual WAN to the Standard SKU.
- [ ] Add an additional VPN gateway to the Azure subscription.
- [ ] Create an additional virtual hub.
- [x] Increase the number of gateway scale units.


#### 030::
`You have 10 on-premises networks that are connected by using a 3rd party Software Defined Wide Area Network (SD-WAN) solution. You have an Azure subscription that contains five virtual networks.
`
`You plan to connect the Azure virtual networks and the on-premises networks by using an Azure Virtual WAN with a single virtual WAN hub.
`
`You need to ensure that the Azure Virtual WAN can act as a node in the 3rd party SD-WAN solution.
`
`What should you include in the solution?

- [ ] An Azure Virtual WAN ExpressRoute gateway
- [x] A Network Virtual Appliance (NVA)
- [ ] A Site to site gateway (VPN gateway)
- [ ] A Point to site gateway (User VPN gateway)

#### 031::
`You have the Azure resources shown in the following table.
`
`Sub1------------------|Azure-subscription--------|West-Europe-----|None
`Sub2------------------|Azure-subscription--------|West-Europe-----|None
`VNet1-----------------|Virtual-network-----------|West-Europe-----|Created-in-Sub1
`VNet2-----------------|Virtual-network-----------|West-Europe-----|Created-in-Sub2
`Circuit1--------------|ExpressRoute-circuit------|West-Europe-----|Linked-to-VNet1
`Gateway1--------------|ExpressRoute-gateway------|West-Europe-----|Created-in-VNet1
`Gateway2--------------|ExpressRoute-gateway------|West-Europe-----|Created-in-VNet2
`
`
`Name Туре  Location Description
`Sub1 Azure subscription West Europe None
`Sub2 Azure subscription West Europe None
`VNet1 Virtual network West Europe Created in Sub1
`VNet2 Virtual network West Europe Created in Sub2
`Circuit1 ExpressRoute circuit West Europe Linked to VNet1
`Gateway1 ExpressRoute gateway West Europe Created in VNet1
`Gateway2 ExpressRoute gateway West Europe Created in VNet2
`
`
`You need to link VNet2 to Circuit1.
`
`What should you create in each subscription? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.


- [ ] Sub1: A new Express Route circuit
- [ ] Sub1: An ExpressRoute circuit connection
- [x] Sub1: An Express Route circuit connection authorization
- [ ] Sub2: A new Express Route circuit
- [x] Sub2: An ExpressRoute circuit connection
- [ ] Sub2: An Express Route circuit connection authorization

#### 032::
`You have an on-premises datacenter and an Azure subscription.
`
`You plan to implement ExpressRoute FastPath.
`
`You need to create an ExpressRoute gateway. The solution must minimize downtime if a single Azure datacenter fails.
`
`Which SKU should you use?

- [ ] ErGw1AZ
- [ ] High performance
- [ ] Ultra performance
- [x] ErGw3AZ
- [ ] ErGw2AZ

#### 033::
`You have an Azure subscription that contains the resources shown in the following table.
`
`VWAN1----------------|Azure-Virtual-WAN---------|Standard-Virtual-WAN
`Hub1-----------------|Azure-Virtual-WAN-hub-----|Hub-for-VWAN1
`VNet1----------------|Virtual-network-----------|Connected-to-Hub1
`VNet2----------------|Virtual-network-----------|Connected-to-Hub1
`VNet3----------------|Virtual-network-----------|Peered-with-VNet2
`NVA1-----------------|Virtual-machine-----------|Hosts-a-routing-appliance-deployed-to-VNet2
`
`You establish BGP peering between NVA1 and Hub1.
`
`You need to implement transit connectivity between VNet1 and VNet3 via Hub1 by using BGP peering. The solution must minimize costs.
`
`What should you do? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.


- [ ] On Hub1, propagate routes from connections to VNet1 and VNet2 to: A custom route table and associate the routes with the defaultRouteTable
- [ ] On Hub1, propagate routes from connections to VNet1 and VNet2 to: A custom route table and associate the routes with the same custom route table 
- [x] On Hub1, propagate routes from connections to VNet1 and VNet2 to: The defaultRouteTable and associate the routes with the defaultRouteTable

- [ ] On VNet3, implement: Azure Route Server on a dedicated subnet
- [ ] On VNet3, implement: Azure VPN Gateway on a dedicated subnet 
- [x] On VNet3, implement: User-defined routes

#### 034::
`You have an Azure subscription that contains an ExpressRoute Standard gateway named GW1.
`
`You need to upgrade GW1 to support ExpressRoute FastPath. The solution must minimize downtime.
`
`Which SKU should you use?

- [x] Ultra performance
- [ ] ErGw3AZ
- [ ] ErGw2AZ
- [ ] High performance

#### 035::
`Your on-premises network uses an IP address range of 10.1.0.0 to 10.1.255.255.
`
`You plan to deploy a new Azure virtual network solution that will include the following elements:
`
`• A virtual network named VNet1
`• A Site-to-Site (S2S) VPN connection between VNet1 and the on-premises network
`• GatewaySubnet in VNet1, which will be used as a route-based virtual network gateway
`
`You need to recommend which subnet masks to assign to VNet1 and GatewaySubnet. The solution must meet the following requirements:
`
`• Maximize the number of available IP addresses on VNet1.
`• Minimize the number of available IP addresses on GatewaySubnet.
`
`Which address spaces should you assign to VNet1 and GatewaySubnet?

- [ ] VNet1: 10.0.0.0/8
- [ ] VNet1: 10.0.0.0/16
- [x] VNet1: 10.0.0.0/24
- [ ] VNet1: 10.0.0.0/27
- [ ] GatewaySubnet: 10.0.0.0/16
- [ ] GatewaySubnet: 10.0.0.0/24
- [x] GatewaySubnet: 10.0.0.0/27
- [ ] GatewaySubnet: 10.0.0.0/29

#### 037::
`You have two Azure virtual networks named Vnet1 and Vnet2.
`You have a Windows 10 device named Client1 that connects to Vnet1 by using a Point-to-Site (P2S) IKEv2 VPN.
`You implement virtual network peering between Vnet1 and Vnet2. Vnet1 allows gateway transit. Vnet2 can use the remote gateway.
`You discover that Client1 cannot communicate with Vnet2.
`You need to ensure that Client1 can communicate with Vnet2.
`Solution: You reset the gateway of Vnet1.
`Does this meet the goal?

- [ ] 
- [x] 


#### 038::
`You have two Azure virtual networks named Vnet1 and Vnet2.
`You have a Windows 10 device named Client1 that connects to Vnet1 by using a Point-to-Site (P2S) IKEv2 VPN.
`You implement virtual network peering between Vnet1 and Vnet2. Vnet1 allows gateway transit. Vnet2 can use the remote gateway.
`You discover that Client1 cannot communicate with Vnet2.
`You need to ensure that Client1 can communicate with Vnet2.
`Solution: You enable BGP on the gateway of Vnet1.

- [ ] 
- [x] 


#### 039::
`You have the Azure environment shown in the following exhibit.
`
`-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`| Datacenter-to-Site-to-Site-VPN---------------------------------------------------------|
`|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
`|--------[Datacenter]------Site-to-Site-VPN------[VPN-Gateway]<-->[VM1]------------------|
`|--------------------------------------------------------\-------------------------------|
`|---------------------------------------------------------\------------------------------|
`|----------------------------------------------------------\--[VNET1]--------------------|
`|-----------------------------------------------------------\---|------------------------|
`|------------------------------------------------------------\--|------------------------|
`|-------------------------------------------------------------\ |------------------------|
`|--------[Subscription-1]<-------------------------------------\|------------------------|
`|---------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------|
`|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
`|--------Bi-directional-VNet-peering-with-gateway-transit-enabled------------------------|
`|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
`|---------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------|
`|--------[Subscription-2]--------------------------------------/|------------------------|
`|-------------------------------------------------------------/ |------------------------|
`|------------------------------------------------------------/--|-[VNET2]----[VM2]-------|
`|-----------------------------------------------------------/---|------------------------|
`|----------------------------------------------------------/----|------------------------|
`|---------------------------------------------------------/-----|------------------------|
`|--------[VM3]<-------------------------------------------/------|----[VNET3]------------|
`|---------------------------________Bi-directional-VNet-peering--------------------------|
`|--------[Subscription-3]----------------------------------------------------------------|
`------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`
`
`
`Use the drop-down menus to select the answer choice that completes each statement based on the information presented in the graphic.


- [ ] VM1 can communicate with (answer choice): VM2 only
- [ ] VM1 can communicate with (answer choice): VM2 and VM3 only
- [x] VM1 can communicate with (answer choice): the on-premises datacenter and VM2 only
- [ ] VM1 can communicate with (answer choice): the on-premises datacenter, VM2, and VM3 only
- [ ] VM2 can communicate with (answer choice): VM1 only
- [ ] VM2 can communicate with (answer choice): VM1 and VM3 only
- [ ] VM2 can communicate with (answer choice): the on-premises datacenter and VM3 only 
- [x] VM2 can communicate with (answer choice): the on-premises datacenter, VM1, and VM3 only


#### 040::
`You plan to deploy Azure virtual network.
`You need to design the subnets.
`Which three types of resources require a dedicated subnet? Each correct answer presents a complete solution.


- [x] Azure Bastion
- [ ] Azure Active Directory Domain Services (Azure AD DS)
- [ ] Azure Private Link
- [x] Azure Application Gateway v2
- [x] VPN gateway

#### 041::
`You have an Azure private DNS zone named contoso.com that is linked to the virtual networks shown in the following table.
`
`
`Name IP address 
`Vnet1 10.1.0.0/16
`Vnet2 10.2.0.0/16
`
`The links have auto registration enabled.
`You create the virtual machines shown in the following table.
`
`Name IP address 
`VM1 10.1.10.10
`VM2 10.2.10.10
`VM3 10.2.10.11
`
`
`You manually add the following entry to the contoso.com zone:
`✑ Name: VM1
`
`IP address: 10.1.10.9 -
`::
`VM2 will resolve vm1.contoso.com to 10.1.10.10: The correct expectation is that VM2 should not resolve vm1.contoso.com to 10.1.10.10 because there is a manually added entry for VM1 pointing to 10.1.10.9. The test statement could be: "VM2 will resolve vm1.contoso.com to the manually added IP address (10.1.10.9), not the auto-registered IP address of VM1 (10.1.10.10)."
`
`Deleting VM1 will delete all VM1 records automatically: The test statement should reflect that deleting VM1 does not automatically remove manually added DNS entries for VM1. So, it could be: "Manually added DNS records for VM1 will not be automatically deleted from the contoso.com zone upon VM1's deletion."
`
`Changing the IP address of VM3 will update the DNS record of VM3 automatically: This statement tests the understanding that with auto-registration enabled, changes to VM3's IP address should be automatically reflected in the DNS records. However, manually added records are not automatically updated. The missing test statement might be: "Auto-registration ensures that changes to the IP address of VM3 are automatically updated in the DNS records for contoso.com."

- [ ] VM2 will resolve vm1.contoso.com to 10.1.10.10 : Yes
- [x] VM2 will resolve vm1.contoso.com to 10.1.10.10 : No
- [ ] Deleting VM1 will delete all VM1 records automatically : Yes
- [x] Deleting VM1 will delete all VM1 records automatically : No
- [ ] Changing the IP address of VM3 will update the DNS record of VM3 automatically : Yes
- [x] Changing the IP address of VM3 will update the DNS record of VM3 automatically : No

#### 042::
`Your company has an Azure virtual network named Vnet1 that uses an IP address space of 192.168.0.0/20. Vnet1 contains a subnet named Subnet1 that uses an
`IP address space of 192.168.0.0/24.
`You create an IPv6 address range to Vnet1 by using a CIDR suffix of /48.
`You need to enable the virtual machines on Subnet1 to communicate with each other by using IPv6 addresses assigned by the company. The solution must minimize the number of additional IPv4 addresses.
`What should you do?

- [ ] Create an IPv6 subnet that uses a CIDR suffix of: /20
- [ ] Create an IPv6 subnet that uses a CIDR suffix of: /24
- [ ] Create an IPv6 subnet that uses a CIDR suffix of: /48
- [x] Create an IPv6 subnet that uses a CIDR suffix of: /64
- [x] For each virtual machine, create an additional: IP configuration
- [ ] For each virtual machine, create an additional: NIC
- [ ] For each virtual machine, create an additional: Public IPv6 address

#### 043::
`You plan to deploy Azure Virtual WAN.
`You need to deploy a virtual WAN hub that meets the following requirements:
`✑ Supports 10 sites that will connect to the virtual WAN hub by using a Site-to-Site VPN connection
`✑ Supports 8 Gbps of ExpressRoute traffic
`✑ Minimizes costs
`What should you configure? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.


- [ ] Virtual WAN type: Basic
- [x] Virtual WAN type: Standard
- [ ] Number of scale units: 2
- [x] Number of scale units: 4
- [ ] Number of scale units: 6
- [ ] Number of scale units: 8


#### 044::
`You have an Azure subscription that contains the resources shown in the following table.
`
`
`|-Name-----|-Type------------|-Location-|
`|----------|-----------------|----------|
`|WebApp1---|-Web-app---------|-West-US--|
`|VNet1-----|-Virtual-network-|-East-US--|
`
`
`The IP Addresses settings for Vnet1 are configured as shown in the exhibit.
`
`## Basic IP Addresses Security Tags Review + Create
`
`### IPv4 Address Space
`- **Address Space**: The virtual network's address space is specified as one or more address prefixes in CIDR notation (e.g., '192.168.1.0/24').
`- **Example**:
`  - '10.3.0.0/16' - '10.3.0.0' to '10.3.255.255' (65,536 addresses)
`
`### IPv6 Address Space
`- [ ] Add IPv6 address space
`
`### Subnets
`- **Description**: The subnet's address range in CIDR notation (e.g., '192.168.1.0/24'). It must be contained by the address space of the virtual network.
`  - [+] Add subnet
`  - [ ] Remove subnet
`
`#### Subnet Details
`- **Subnet Name**: Subnet1
`- **Subnet Address Range**: '10.3.0.0/16'
`- **NAT Gateway**: (Optional) Use of a NAT gateway is recommended for outbound internet access from a subnet. You can deploy a NAT gateway and assign it to a subnet after you create the virtual network. [Learn more](#)
`
`
`
`
`You need to ensure that you can integrate WebApp1 and Vnet1.
`Which three actions should you perform in sequence before you can integrate WebApp1 and Vnet1? To answer, move the appropriate actions from the list of actions to the answer area and arrange them in the correct order.


- [0] Modify the address space of Vnet1
- [1] Deploy a VPN gateway
- [2] Configure a Point-to-Site (P2S) VPN
- [ ] Create a service endpoint
- [ ] Add a private endpoint

#### 045::
`You have Azure virtual networks named Hub1 and Spoke1. Hub1 connects to an on-premises network by using a Site-to-Site VPN connection.
`You are implementing peering between Hub1 and Spoke1.
`You need to ensure that a virtual machine connected to Spoke1 can connect to the on-premises network through Hub1.
`How should you complete the PowerShell script? To answer, drag the appropriate values to the correct targets. Each value may be used once, more than once, or not at all. You may need to drag the split bar between panes or scroll to view content.
`
`-AllowForwardedTraffic
`-AllowGatewayTransit
`-UseRemoteGateways

- [x] 
`$hub= Get-AZVirtualNetwork -ResourceGroup "RG1" -Name "Hub1" 
`$spoke = Get-AZVirtualNetwork -ResourceGroup "RG2" -Name "Spoke1" 
`Add-AZVirtualNetworkPeering -Name "Hub1-Spokel" -VirtualNetwork $hub
`    -RemoteVirtual Network Id $spoke.id [AllowGatewayTransit]
`Add-AZVirtualNetwork Peering -Name "Spokel-Hubl" -VirtualNetwork $spoke
`    -RemoteVirtual Network Id $hub.id [UseRemoteGateways]

- [ ] 
`$hub= Get-AZVirtualNetwork -ResourceGroup "RG1" -Name "Hub1" 
`$spoke = Get-AZVirtualNetwork -ResourceGroup "RG2" -Name "Spoke1" 
`Add-AZVirtualNetworkPeering -Name "Hub1-Spokel" -VirtualNetwork $hub
`    -RemoteVirtual Network Id $spoke.id [AllowForwardedTraffic]
`Add-AZVirtualNetwork Peering -Name "Spokel-Hubl" -VirtualNetwork $spoke
`    -RemoteVirtual Network Id $hub.id [UseRemoteGateways]

- [ ] 
`$hub= Get-AZVirtualNetwork -ResourceGroup "RG1" -Name "Hub1" 
`$spoke = Get-AZVirtualNetwork -ResourceGroup "RG2" -Name "Spoke1" 
`Add-AZVirtualNetworkPeering -Name "Hub1-Spokel" -VirtualNetwork $hub
`    -RemoteVirtual Network Id $spoke.id [AllowForwardedTraffic]
`Add-AZVirtualNetwork Peering -Name "Spokel-Hubl" -VirtualNetwork $spoke
`    -RemoteVirtual Network Id $hub.id [AllowGatewayTransit]


- [ ] 
`$hub= Get-AZVirtualNetwork -ResourceGroup "RG1" -Name "Hub1" 
`$spoke = Get-AZVirtualNetwork -ResourceGroup "RG2" -Name "Spoke1" 
`Add-AZVirtualNetworkPeering -Name "Hub1-Spokel" -VirtualNetwork $hub
`    -RemoteVirtual Network Id $spoke.id [AllowGatewayTransit]
`Add-AZVirtualNetwork Peering -Name "Spokel-Hubl" -VirtualNetwork $spoke
`    -RemoteVirtual Network Id $hub.id [AllowForwardedTraffic]


- [ ] 
`$hub= Get-AZVirtualNetwork -ResourceGroup "RG1" -Name "Hub1" 
`$spoke = Get-AZVirtualNetwork -ResourceGroup "RG2" -Name "Spoke1" 
`Add-AZVirtualNetworkPeering -Name "Hub1-Spokel" -VirtualNetwork $hub
`    -RemoteVirtual Network Id $spoke.id [UseRemoteGateways]
`Add-AZVirtualNetwork Peering -Name "Spokel-Hubl" -VirtualNetwork $spoke
`    -RemoteVirtual Network Id $hub.id [AllowGatewayTransit]

#### 046::
`You have three on-premises sites. Each site has a third-party VPN device.
`You have an Azure virtual WAN named VWAN1 that has a hub named Hub1. Hub1 connects two of the three on-premises sites by using a Site-to-Site VPN connection.
`You need to connect the third site to the other two sites by using Hub1.
`Which four actions should you perform in sequence? To answer, move the appropriate actions from the list of actions to the answer area and arrange them in the correct order.
`Select and Place:


- [0] In a Hub1, create a VPN site
- [1] In a Hub1, create a connection to the VPN site
- [2] Download the VPN configuration file from VWAN1
- [3] Configure the VPN device
- [ ] In a Hub1, create a VPN gateway

#### 047::
`You are planning an Azure solution that will contain the following types of resources in a single Azure region:
`✑ Virtual machine
`✑ Azure App Service
`✑ Virtual Network gateway
`✑ Azure SQL Managed Instance
`App Service and SQL Managed Instance will be delegated to create resources in virtual networks.
`You need to identify how many virtual networks and subnets are required for the solution. The solution must minimize costs to transfer data between virtual networks.
`What should you identify? 

- [x] Virtual Networks: 1
- [ ] Virtual Networks: 2
- [ ] Virtual Networks: 3
- [ ] Virtual Networks: 4
- [ ] Subnets: 1
- [ ] Subnets: 2
- [ ] Subnets: 3
- [x] Subnets: 4

#### 048::
`You have two Azure virtual networks named Vnet1 and Vnet2.
`You have a Windows 10 device named Client1 that connects to Vnet1 by using a Point-to-Site (P2S) IKEv2 VPN.
`You implement virtual network peering between Vnet1 and Vnet2. Vnet1 allows gateway transit. Vnet2 can use the remote gateway.
`You discover that Client1 cannot communicate with Vnet2.
`You need to ensure that Client1 can communicate with Vnet2.
`Solution: You download and reinstall the VPN client configuration.
`Does this meet the goal?

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No

#### 049::
`You have an Azure virtual network named Vnet1 that hosts an Azure firewall named FW1 and 150 virtual machines. Vnet1 is linked to a private DNS zone named contoso.com. All the virtual machines have their name registered in the contoso.com zone.
`Vnet1 connects to an on-premises datacenter by using ExpressRoute.
`You need to ensure that on-premises DNS servers can resolve the names in the contoso.com zone.
`Which two actions should you perform?

- [ ] Modify the DNS server settings of Vnet1.
- [ ] For FW1, configure custom DNS server.
- [x] For FW1, enable DNS proxy.
- [x] On the on-premises DNS servers, configure forwarders that point to the frontend IP address of FW1.
- [ ] On the on-premises DNS servers, configure forwarders that point to the Azure provided DNS service at 168.63.129.16.


#### 050;koniecPliku2::
`You are planning the IP addressing for the subnets in Azure virtual networks.
`Which type of resource requires IP addresses in the subnets?

- [x] internal load balancers
- [ ] storage account
- [ ] Azure Virtual Networks NAT
- [ ] service endpoint policies