7.000003.terms.md

Virtual network gateways:: ........... can be deployed in either zone-redundant or zonal configurations.

gateways Standard SKU::For zone-redundant virtual network , you must use a ........... public IP address.
virtual network gateway SKU::The  ............. determines the throughput and maximum number of site-to-site tunnels.
Policy-based::............. VPNs use static routes based on address range prefixes.
Route-based::............ VPNs use a route table to direct packets.
GatewaySubnet::When configuring a virtual network gateway, the virtual network must have a subnet named ............. .
local network gateway::A ............. is an Azure resource that represents the destination address range.
Point-to-site::............ VPNs support SSTP, OpenVPN, or IKEv2 connection types.
virtual network gateway SKU::The ............ determines the throughput and maximum number of point-to-site connections.
Point-to-site::............ VPN tunnels can use RADIUS, certificate, or Azure AD for authentication.
Azure VPN client::When using Azure AD for authentication, you must use the ........... .
ExpressRoute::............ provides a private, direct connection from your on-premises environment to Azure.
ExpressRoute SKU::The ............. determines the bandwidth and connection limit for the circuit.
ExpressRoute Global Reach::............. requires the Premium add-on and provides connectivity to multiple Azure regions through one ExpressRoute circuit and is configured on the Private peer.
ExpressRoute FastPath::............. bypasses the virtual network gateway and communicates directly with virtual machines and is configured on the circuit connection.
Private peering::............ provides access from your on-premises network to Azure.
Microsoft peering::............. provides access from your on-premises network to Microsoft 365 services, but it is not recommended.
BGP::ExpressRoute route advertisement is configured by using ............ .


CIDR::Virtual networks have an address space defined in ............ notation, from which subnets are
created.

Subnet delegation::............ enables other resources to manage networking automatically.
Public DNS ::............zones provide authoritative name resolution for custom domain names across the internet.
Private DNS ::...........zones provide name resolution for internal resources within the Azure subscription.
private DNS::Virtual networks can be linked to .......... zones to facilitate name resolution within the virtual network automatically.
overlap::Virtual networks can be connected by using peering, but their address spaces cannot ............ .
route tables virtual network gateways::Address spaces in a virtual network are not advertised or propagated with peering and require additional ........... or ............  to create a service chain.
Peering VPN::...........is not an encrypted tunnel; for scenarios that require IPsec connectivity, a ........... must be configured between virtual networks.
Virtual WAN::In a larger-scale hybrid deployment, ........... provides a hub-and-spoke architecture across point-to-site, site-to-site, and ExpressRoute connections.
virtual hub::A ........... in Virtual WAN facilitates the hub model to the various connections.
network virtual appliances::A Virtual WAN can use third-party ............ to connect to on-premises solutions.
route tables::Route propagation can be controlled with Virtual WAN by creating additional ............