##   7.001.25qs.md


#### 001::
`Your company has a single on-premises datacenter in Washington DC. The East US Azure region has a peering location in Washington DC.
`The company only has Azure resources in the East US region.
`You need to implement ExpressRoute to support up to 1 Gbps. You must use only ExpressRoute Unlimited data plans. The solution must minimize costs.
`Which type of ExpressRoute circuits should you create? ::
`Explanation: ExpressRoute Local allows connections to Azure resources in the same region as the peering location, 
`minimizing costs since it offers lower pricing compared to other ExpressRoute types, and supports up to 1 Gbps as needed.

- [x] ExpressRoute Local
- [ ] ExpressRoute Direct
- [ ] ExpressRoute Premium
- [ ] ExpressRoute Standard


#### 002::
`You are planning an Azure Point-to-Site (P2S) VPN that will use OpenVPN.
`Users will authenticate by an on-premises Active Directory domain.
`Which additional service should you deploy to support the VPN authentication? ::
`Explanation: A RADIUS server can be used to authenticate VPN users against an on-premises Active Directory, 
`which is the requirement for the Point-to-Site VPN.
- [ ] an Azure key vault
- [x] a RADIUS server
- [ ] a certification authority
- [ ] Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) Application Proxy

#### 003::
`You plan to configure BGP for a Site-to-Site VPN connection between a datacenter and Azure.
`Which two Azure resources should you configure? Each correct answer presents a part of the solution. (Choose two.)::
`Explanation: For BGP over a Site-to-Site VPN, 
`you need a virtual network gateway in Azure connected to your VNet 
`and a local network gateway that represents your on-premises VPN device.

- [x] a virtual network gateway
- [ ] Azure Application Gateway
- [ ] Azure Firewall
- [x] a local network gateway
- [ ] Azure Front Door

#### 004::
`You fail to establish a Site-to-Site VPN connection between your company's main office and an Azure virtual network.
`You need to troubleshoot what prevents you from establishing the IPsec tunnel.
`Which diagnostic log should you review?::
`Explanation: The IKEDiagnosticLog contains information about the IKE (Internet Key Exchange) protocol 
`used in establishing Site-to-Site VPN connections, making it crucial for troubleshooting IPsec tunnel issues.
- [x] IKEDiagnosticLog
- [ ] RouteDiagnosticLog
- [ ] GatewayDiagnosticLog
- [ ] TunnelDiagnosticLog

#### 005::
`You have an Azure virtual network and an on-premises datacenter.
`You are planning a Site-to-Site VPN connection between the datacenter and the virtual network.
`Which two resources should you include in your plan? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.::
`Explanation: A virtual network gateway is required in Azure for the VPN connection, 
`and a local network gateway is needed to represent the on-premises network in Azure.

- [ ] a user-defined route
- [x] a virtual network gateway
- [ ] Azure Firewall
- [ ] Azure Web Application Firewall (WAF)
- [ ] an on-premises data gateway
- [ ] an Azure application gateway
- [x] a local network gateway


#### 006::
`You need to connect an on-premises network and an Azure environment. The solution must use ExpressRoute and support failing over to a Site-to-Site VPN connection if there is an ExpressRoute failure.
`What should you configure? ::
`Explanation: Route-based routing is required for dynamic routing and failover scenarios like the one described. 
`Although you might expect to need more than one virtual network gateway for failover, 
`a single gateway can support both ExpressRoute and VPN as different connections, thus minimizing complexity and cost.

- [ ] Routing type: Policy-based
- [x] Routing type: Route-based
- [ ] Routing type: Static routing
- [x] Number of virtual network gateways: 1
- [ ] Number of virtual network gateways: 2
- [ ] Number of virtual network gateways: 3

#### 007::
`Your company has an on-premises network and three Azure subscriptions named Subscription1, Subscription2, and Subscription3.
`The departments at the company use the Azure subscriptions as shown in the following table.
`
`|DEPARTMENT--|SUBSCRIPTION-|
`|IT----------|Subscription1|
`|Research----|Subscription1|
`|Development-|Subscription2|
`|Testing-----|Subscription2|
`|Distribution|Subscription3|
`
`All the resources in the subscriptions are in either the West US Azure region or the West US 2 Azure region.
`You plan to connect all the subscriptions to the on-premises network by using ExpressRoute.
`What is the minimum number of ExpressRoute circuits required?

- [x] 1
- [ ] 2
- [ ] 3
- [ ] 4
- [ ] 5

#### 008::
`Your company has offices in New York and Amsterdam. The company has an Azure subscription. Both offices connect to Azure by using a Site-to-Site VPN connection.
`The office in Amsterdam uses resources in the North Europe Azure region. The office in New York uses resources in the East US Azure region.
`You need to implement ExpressRoute circuits to connect each office to the nearest Azure region. Once the ExpressRoute circuits are connected, the on-premises computers in the Amsterdam office must be able to connect to the on-premises servers in the New York office by using the ExpressRoute circuits.
`Which ExpressRoute option should you use?

- [ ] ExpressRoute FastPath
- [x] ExpressRoute Global Reach
- [ ] ExpressRoute Direct
- [ ] ExpressRoute Local

#### 009::
`You have an Azure subscription that contains a single virtual network and a virtual network gateway.
`You need to ensure that administrators can use Point-to-Site (P2S) VPN connections to access resources in the virtual network. The connections must be authenticated by Azure Active Directory (Azure AD).
`What should you configure? 

- [ ] Azure AD configuration: An access package
- [ ] Azure AD configuration: Conditional access policy
- [x] Azure AD configuration: An enterprise application
- [ ] Azure AD configuration: A VPN certificate
- [ ] P2S VPN tunnel type: IKEv2
- [ ] P2S VPN tunnel type: IKEv2 and SSTP (SSL)
- [x] P2S VPN tunnel type: OpenVPN (SSL)
- [ ] P2S VPN tunnel type: SSTP (SSL)

#### 010::
`You have the hybrid network shown in the Network Diagram exhibit.
`
`
`----------------On-premises
`------------------network
`--------------------|
`--------------------|
`----------------Site-to-Site 
`----------------VPN connection
`--------------------|
`--------------------|
`-----------Azure Virtual Network 
`------------------Vnet1
`------------------<...>
`---|-----------------------------------|
`---|-----------------------------------|
`---|-----------------------------------|
`Peering-----------------------------Peering
`---|-----------------------------------|
`---|-----------------------------------|
`---|-----------------------------------|
`Azure--------------------------------Azure
`Virtual Network-------------------Virtual Network
`Vnet2--------------------------------Vnet3
`<...>--------------------------------<...>
`
`
`You have a peering connection between Vnet1 and Vnet2 as shown in the Peering-Vnet1-Vnet2 exhibit.
`
`
`Add peering ...
`Vnet1
`
`This virtual network
`Peering link name *
`[Peering-Vnet1-Vnet2]
`
`Traffic to remote virtual network
`    ( ) Allow (default)
`    (o) Block all traffic to the remote virtual network
`
`Traffic forwarded from remote virtual network
`    (o) Allow (default)
`    ( ) Block traffic that originates from outside this virtual network
`
`Virtual network gateway or Route Server
`    ( ) Use this virtual network's gateway or Route Server
`    ( ) Use the remote virtual network's gateway or Route Server 
`    (o) None (default)
`
`Remote virtual network
`Peering link name
`[Peering-Vnet1-Vnet2]
`
`Virtual network deployment model (i)
`    (o) Resource manager
`    ( ) Classic
`
`[ ]I know my resource ID
`
`Subscription*(i)
`[Subscription1]
`
`Virtual network
`[Vnet2]
`
`Traffic to remote virtual network (i)
`    (o) Allow (default)
`    ( ) Block all traffic to the remote virtual network
`
`[Add]
`
`You have a peering connection between Vnet1 and Vnet3 as shown in the Peering-Vnet1-Vnet3 exhibit.
`
`
`Add peering ...
`Vnet3
`
`This virtual network 
`Peering link name *
`
`[Peering-Vnet1-Vnet3]
`
`Traffic to remote virtual network (i)
`    (o) Allow (default)
`    ( ) Block all traffic to the remote virtual network
`
`Traffic forwarded from remote virtual network
`    (o) Allow (default)
`    ( ) Block traffic that originates from outside this virtual network
`
`Virtual network gateway or Route Server
`    ( ) Use this virtual network's gateway or Route Server
`    ( ) Use the remote virtual network's gateway or Route Server 
`    (o) None (default)
`
`Remote virtual network
`Peering link name*
`[Peering-Vnet1-Vnet3]
`
`Virtual network deployment model
`    (o) Resource manager
`    ( ) Classic
`
`I know my resource ID
`    Subscription"
`    [Subscription1]
`
`Virtual network
`    [Vnet1]
`
`Traffic to remote virtual network
`    (o) Allow (default)
`    ( ) Block all traffic to the remote virtual network
`Traffic to remote virtual network
`    (o) Allow (default)
`    ( ) Block all traffic to the remote virtual network
`Traffic forwarded from remote virtual network
`    (o) Allow (default)
`    ( ) Block traffic that originates from outside this virtual network
`Virtual network gateway or Route Server
`    ( ) Use this virtual network's gateway or Route Server
`    ( ) Use the remote virtual network's gateway or Route Server 
`    (o) None (default)
`
`[Add]
`
`For each of the following statements, select Yes if the statement is true. Otherwise, select No.

- [x] The resource in Vnet2 can communicate with the resource in Vnet1. Yes
- [ ] The resource in Vnet2 can communicate with the resource in Vnet1. No
- [ ] The resource in Vnet2 can communicate with the resource in Vnet3. Yes
- [x] The resource in Vnet2 can communicate with the resource in Vnet3. No
- [ ] The resource in Vnet2 can communicate with the resource in the on-premises network. Yes
- [x] The resource in Vnet2 can communicate with the resource in the on-premises network. No

#### 011::
`You have the Azure environment shown in the exhibit.
`
`
`--GW3----------------------------------GW3--
`-VM2----------------------------------VM5---
`Vnet2--------------------------------Vnet5--
`<...>--------------------------------<...>--
`----|------------------------------------|--
`----|------------------------------------|--
`Virtual------------------------------Virtual  
`Network------------------------------Network 
`Peering------------------------------Peering
`----|------------------------------------|--
`----|------------------------------------|--
`---|-------------------------------------|-----------
`---|-------------------------------------|-----------
`---|-------------------------------------|-----------
`---_______Site-to_____|_______Site-to____|-----------
`---|-------Site-------|-------Site-------|-----------
`---|-------(BGP)------|-------(BGP)------|-----------
`---|------------------|------------------|-----------
`GW1-------------------GW3---------------GW4----------
`VM1------------------VM3----------------VM4----------
`Vnet1---------------Vnet3--------------Vnet4---------
`<...>---------------<...>--------------<...>---------
`
`
`You have virtual network peering between Vnet1 and Vnet2. You have virtual network peering between Vnet4 and Vnet5. The virtual network peering is configured as shown in the following table.
`
`Name  | Traffic to remote | Use remote gateway | Allow gateway transit
`------|-------------------|--------------------|----------------------
`Vnet1 | Allow             | None               | Enabled
`Vnet2 | Allow             | Enabled            | None
`Vnet4 | Allow             | None               | Enabled
`Vnet5 | Block             | Enabled            | None

- [x] VM1 and VM4 can communicate. Yes
- [ ] VM1 and VM4 can communicate. No
- [x] VM2 and VM4 can communicate. Yes
- [ ] VM2 and VM4 can communicate. No
- [ ] VM1 and VM5 can communicate. Yes
- [x] VM1 and VM5 can communicate. No


#### 012::
`You have on-premises datacenters in New York and Seattle.
`You have an Azure subscription that contains the ExpressRoute circuits shown in the following table.
`
`
`Name | Azure region | Datacenter
`-----|--------------|------------
`ERC1 | East US      | New York
`ERC2 | West US2     | Seattle
`
`You need to ensure that all the data sent between the datacenters is routed via the ExpressRoute circuits. The solution must minimize costs.
`How should you configure the network? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.

- [ ] ExpressRoute configuration: Direct
- [ ] ExpressRoute configuration: FastPath
- [x] ExpressRoute configuration: Global Reach
- [ ] ExpressRoute configuration: Premium
- [ ] Peering: Microsoft
- [x] Peering: Private
- [ ] Peering: Public

#### 013::
`You have an Azure virtual network named Vnet1 and an on-premises network. The on-premises network has policy-based VPN devices.
`In Vnet1, you deploy a virtual network gateway named GW1 that uses a SKU of VpnGw1 and is route-based.
`You have a Site-to-Site VPN connection for GW1 as shown in the following exhibit.
`
`
`
`Save | X Discard
`
`Use Azure Private IP Address
`    Disabled
`BGP O
`    Disabled 
`IPsec / IKE policy O
`    Default
`Use policy based traffic selector
`    Enable
`DPD timeout in seconds*
`    [45]
`Connection Mode
`    Default
`
`IKE Protocol
`IKEv2
`
`
`
`You need to ensure that the on-premises network can connect to the route-based GW1.
`What should you do before you create the connection?

- [ ] Set Connection Mode to ResponderOnly.
- [ ] Set BGP to Enabled.
- [ ] Set Use Azure Private IP Address to Enabled.
- [x] Set IPsec / IKE policy to Custom.

#### 014::
`HOTSPOT
`
`Your on-premises network contains a VPN device.
`
`You have an Azure subscription that contains a virtual network and a virtual network gateway.
`
`You need to create a Site-to-Site VPN connection that has a custom cryptographic policy.
`
`How should you complete the PowerShell script? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.

- [x]
`$policy = New-AzlpsecPolicy -IkeEncryption AES256 -IkeIntegrity SHA384 -DHGroup DHGroup24 -IpsecEncryption AES256
`-IpsecIntegrity SHA256 -pfsGroup None -SalifeTimeSeconds 14400 -SADataSizeKilobytes 102400000
`...
`New-AzVirtualNetworkGatewayConnection -Name $Connection16 -ResourceGroupName $RG1 -VirtualNetworkGateway1 $vnet1gw
`-LocalNetworkGateway2 $lng6 -Location $Location1 -ConnectionType IPsec -IpsecPolicies $policy -SharedKey 'AzureA1b2c3'

- [ ]
`$policy = New-AzlpsecPolicy -IkeEncryption AES256 -IkeIntegrity SHA384 -DHGroup DHGroup24 -IpsecEncryption AES256
`-IpsecIntegrity SHA256 -pfsGroup None -SalifeTimeSeconds 14400 -SADataSizeKilobytes 102400000
`...
`New-AzVirtualHub -Name $Connection16 -ResourceGroupName $RG1 -VirtualNetworkGateway1 $vnet1gw
`-LocalNetworkGateway2 $lng6 -Location $Location1 -ConnectionType IPsec -IpsecPolicies $policy -SharedKey 'AzureA1b2c3'


- [ ]
`$policy = New-AzServiceEndpointPolicy -IkeEncryption AES256 -IkeIntegrity SHA384 -DHGroup DHGroup24 -IpsecEncryption AES256
`-IpsecIntegrity SHA256 -pfsGroup None -SalifeTimeSeconds 14400 -SADataSizeKilobytes 102400000
`...
`New-AzVirtualNetworkGatewayNatRule -Name $Connection16 -ResourceGroupName $RG1 -VirtualNetworkGateway1 $vnet1gw
`-LocalNetworkGateway2 $lng6 -Location $Location1 -ConnectionType IPsec -IpsecPolicies $policy -SharedKey 'AzureA1b2c3'


- [ ]
`$policy = New-AzVpnClientIpsecPolicy -IkeEncryption AES256 -IkeIntegrity SHA384 -DHGroup DHGroup24 -IpsecEncryption AES256
`-IpsecIntegrity SHA256 -pfsGroup None -SalifeTimeSeconds 14400 -SADataSizeKilobytes 102400000
`...
`New-AzVirtualNetworkGatewayConnection -Name $Connection16 -ResourceGroupName $RG1 -VirtualNetworkGateway1 $vnet1gw
`-LocalNetworkGateway2 $lng6 -Location $Location1 -ConnectionType IPsec -IpsecPolicies $policy -SharedKey 'AzureA1b2c3'


#### 015::
`HOTSPOT
`-
`
`You have an Azure virtual network and an on-premises datacenter that connect by using a Site-to-Site VPN tunnel.
`
`You need to ensure that all traffic from the virtual network to the internet is routed through the datacenter.
`
`How should you complete the PowerShell script to configure forced tunneling? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.

- [ ]
`$force1 = Get-AzLocalNetworkGateway -Name "HQ" -ResourceGroupName "ForcedTunneling"
`$force2 = Get-AzVirtualNetworkGateway -Name "Gateway1" -ResourceGroupName "ForcedTunneling"
`Set-AzVirtualNetworkGatewayConnection -GatewayDefaultSite $force1 -VirtualNetworkGateway $force2


- [x]
`$force1 = Get-AzLocalNetworkGateway -Name "HQ" -ResourceGroupName "ForcedTunneling"
`$force2 = Get-AzVirtualNetworkGateway -Name "Gateway1" -ResourceGroupName "ForcedTunneling"
`Set-AzVirtualNetworkGatewayDefaultSite -GatewayDefaultSite $force1 -VirtualNetworkGateway $force2


- [ ]
`$force1 = Get-AzVirtualNetworkAppliance -Name "HQ" -ResourceGroupName "ForcedTunneling"
`$force2 = Get-AzVirtualNetworkGateway -Name "Gateway1" -ResourceGroupName "ForcedTunneling"
`Set-AzVirtualNetworkPeering -GatewayDefaultSite $force1 -VirtualNetworkGateway $force2


- [ ]
`$force1 = Get-AzVirtualNetworkGataway -Name "HQ" -ResourceGroupName "ForcedTunneling"
`$force2 = Get-AzVirtualNetworkGateway -Name "Gateway1" -ResourceGroupName "ForcedTunneling"
`Set-AzVirtualNetworkSubnetConfig -GatewayDefaultSite $force1 -VirtualNetworkGateway $force2



#### 016::
`You are planning an Azure deployment that will contain three virtual networks in the East US Azure region as shown in the following table.
`
`
`Name  | Description
`------|---------------------------------------------------
`Vnet1 | Hub virtual network for shared services
`Vnet2 | Virtual machines for the IT department
`Vnet3 | Virtual machines for the research department
`
`
`A Site-to-Site VPN will connect Vnet1 to your company’s on-premises network.
`
`You need to recommend a solution that ensures that the virtual machines on all the virtual networks can communicate with the on-premises network. The solution must minimize costs.
`
`What should you recommend for Vnet2 and Vnet3?

- [ ] VNet-to-VNet VPN connections
- [x] peering
- [ ] service endpoints
- [ ] route tables

#### 017::
`Your company has an office in New York.
`
`The company has an Azure subscription that contains the virtual networks shown in the following table.
`
`
`Name  | Location
`------|-----------
`Vnet1 | East US
`Vnet2 | North Europe
`Vnet3 | West US
`Vnet4 | West Europe
`
`You need to connect the virtual networks to the office by using ExpressRoute. The solution must meet the following requirements:
`
`• The connection must have up to 1 Gbps of bandwidth.
`• The office must have access to all the virtual networks.
`• Costs must be minimized.
`
`How many ExpressRoute circuits should be provisioned, and which ExpressRoute SKU should you enable?

- [x] one ExpressRoute Premium circuit
- [ ] two ExpressRoute Premium circuits
- [ ] four ExpressRoute Standard circuits
- [ ] one ExpressRoute Standard circuit

#### 018::
`You have an Azure subscription that contains a virtual network.
`
`You plan to deploy an Azure VPN gateway and 90 Site-to-Site VPN connections. The solution must meet the following requirements:
`
`• Ensure that the Site-to-Site VPN connections remain available if an Azure datacenter fails.
`• Minimize costs.
`
`Which gateway SKU should you specify?

- [ ] VpnGw1AZ
- [ ] VpnGw2AZ
- [x] VpnGw4AZ
- [ ] VpnGw5AZ

#### 019::
`You have an Azure subscription that contains the resources shown in the following table.
`
`
`Name | Type            | Description
`-----|-----------------|---------------------------------------
`Vnet1| Virtual network | In the US East Azure region
`LB1  | Load balancer   | Basic SKU
`VM1  | Virtual machine | Connected to Vnet1; Member of the backend pool of LB1
`VM2  | Virtual machine | Connected to Vnet1; Member of the backend pool of LB1
`
`
`
`Name TYpe Description  
`Vnet1 Virtual network In the US East Azure region 
`LB1 Load balancer Basic SKU 
`VM1 Virtual machine Connected to Vnet1 Member of the backend pool of L21 
`VM2 Virtual machine Connected to Vnet1 Member of the backend pool of 1131 
`
`You create a virtual network named Vnet2 in the West US region.
`
`You plan to enable peering between Vnet1 and Vnet2.
`
`You need to ensure that the virtual machines connected to Vnet2 can connect to VM1 and VM2 via LB1.
`
`What should you do?

- [ ] From the Peerings settings of Vnet2, set Traffic forwarded from remote virtual network to Allow.
- [ ] Change the Floating IP configurations of LB1.
- [ ] From the Peerings settings of Vnet1, set Traffic forwarded from remote virtual network to Allow.
- [x] Change the SKU of LB1.

#### 020::
`Your on-premises network contains an Active Directory Domain Services (AD DS) domain named contoso.com that has an internal certification authority (CA).
`
`You have an Azure subscription.
`
`You deploy an Azure application gateway named AppGwy1 and perform the following actions:
`
`• Configure an HTTP listener
`• Associate a routing rule with the listener
`
`You need to configure AppGwy1 to perform mutual authentication for requests from domain-joined computers to contoso.com.
`
`Which four actions should you perform in sequence? To answer, move the appropriate actions from the list of actions to the answer area and arrange them in the correct order.

- [0] From AppGwy1, Create a frontend IP configuration. 
- [1] From AppGwyl, create an SSL profile. 
- [2] From an on-premises computer, upload a certificate to AppGwy1 
- [3] From AppGwyl, add an HTTP listener and associate the listener to the SSL profile. 
- [ ] From AppGwy1, create a routing rule. 


#### 023::
`You have an Azure subscription that contains a virtual network gateway named VNetGwy1. VNetGwy1 has a public IP address of 20.25.32.214.
`
`You need to query the health probe of VNetGwy1.
`
`How should you complete the URI? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.


- [ ] http ://20.25.32.214:80 /healthprobe
- [ ] http ://20.25.32.214:8081 /healthprobe
- [x] https ://20.25.32.214:8081 /healthprobe
- [ ] https ://20.25.32.214:443 /healthprobe
- [ ] snmp ://20.25.32.214:8081 /healthprobe

#### 024::
`You have an on-premises datacenter.
`
`You have an Azure subscription that contains 10 virtual machines and a virtual network named VNet1 in the East US Azure region. The virtual machines are connected to VNet1 and replicate across three availability zones.
`
`You need to connect the datacenter to VNet1 by using ExpressRoute. The solution must meet the following requirements:
`
`• Maintain connectivity to the virtual machines if two availability zones fail.
`• Support 1000-Mbps connections.
`• Minimize costs.
`
`What should you include in the solution? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.


- [ ] Minimum number of Express Route circuits: One ExpressRoute Standard circuit
- [ ] Minimum number of Express Route circuits: One ExpressRoute Premium circuit 
- [ ] Minimum number of Express Route circuits: Two ExpressRoute Standard circuits
- [ ] Minimum number of Express Route circuits: Two Express Route Premium circuits
- [x] Minimum number of Express Route circuits: Three Express Route Standard circuits
- [ ] Minimum number of Express Route circuits: Three Express Route Premium circuits

- [ ] Minimum number of Express Route gateways: One Express Route gateway of the ErGw1AZ SKU 
- [ ] Minimum number of Express Route gateways: One Express Route gateway of the High performance SKU
- [x] Minimum number of Express Route gateways: Two Express Route gateway of the ErGw1AZ SKU 
- [ ] Minimum number of Express Route gateways: Two Express Route gateway of the High performance SKU
- [ ] Minimum number of Express Route gateways: Three ExpressRoute gateway of the ErGw1AZ SKU
- [ ] Minimum number of Express Route gateways: Three Express Route gateway of the High performance SKU


#### 025::
`You have an Azure subscription that contains a virtual network named VNet1 and the virtual machines shown in the following table.
`
`
`Name | IP address | Description
`-----|------------|---------------------------
`VM1  | 10.1.1.11  | Hosted application protocol HTTPS (TCP port 443)
`VM2  | 10.1.1.21  | SMTP (TCP port 25)
`VM3  | 10.1.1.31  | SFTP (TCP port 22)
`
`All the virtual machines are connected to Vnet1.
`
`You need to ensure that the applications hosted on the virtual machines can be accessed from the internet. The solution must ensure that the virtual machines share a single public IP address.
`
`What should you use?

- [ ] an internal load balancer
- [ ] Azure Application Gateway
- [ ] a NAT gateway
- [x] a public load balancer
