##   clf-c01_p6-221-264-3

#### Q249. ::
`Which controls are shared under the AWS shared responsibility model? (Choose two.)

- [x] Awareness and training
- [ ] Patching of Amazon RDS
- [x] Configuration management
- [ ] Physical and environmental controls
- [ ] Service and communications protection or security


#### Q250. ::
`A company manages global applications that require static IP addresses.
`Which AWS service would enable the company to improve the availability and performance of its applications?

- [ ] Amazon CloudFront
- [x] AWS Global Accelerator
- [ ] Amazon S3 Transfer Acceleration
- [ ] Amazon API Gateway

#### Q251. ::
`Which of the following are AWS compute services? (Choose two.)

- [x] Amazon Lightsail
- [ ] AWS Systems Manager
- [ ] AWS CloudFormation
- [x] AWS Batch
- [ ] Amazon Inspector

#### Q252. ::
`A company needs to report on events that involve the specific AWS services that the company uses.
`Which AWS service or resource can the company use with Amazon CloudWatch to meet this requirement?

- [ ] Amazon Inspector
- [ ] AWS Personal Health Dashboard
- [ ] AWS Trusted Advisor
- [x] AWS CloudTrail logs

#### Q253. ::
`A company with AWS Enterprise Support needs help understanding its monthly AWS bill and wants to implement billing best practices.
`Which AWS tool or resource is available to accomplish these goals?

- [ ] Resource tagging
- [x] AWS Concierge Support team
- [ ] AWS Abuse team
- [ ] AWS Support

#### Q254. ::
`Which of the following is an AWS key-value database offering consistent single-digit millisecond performance at any scale?

- [ ] Amazon RDS
- [ ] Amazon Aurora
- [x] Amazon DynamoDB
- [ ] Amazon Redshift

#### Q255. ::
`A company is developing a new Node.js application. The application must have a scalable NoSQL database to meet increasing demand as the popularity of the application grows.
`Which AWS service will meet the requirements for the database?

- [ ] Amazon Aurora Serverless
- [ ] Amazon ElastiCache
- [x] Amazon DynamoDB
- [ ] Amazon Redshift

#### Q256. ::
`A company wants to set up an entire development and continuous delivery toolchain for coding, building, testing, and deploying code.
`Which AWS service will meet these requirements?

- [ ] Amazon CodeGuru
- [x] AWS CodeStar
- [ ] AWS CodeCommit
- [ ] AWS CodeDeploy

#### Q257. ::
`Which service enables customers to audit API calls in their AWS accounts?

- [x] AWS CloudTrail
- [ ] AWS Trusted Advisor
- [ ] Amazon Inspector
- [ ] AWS X-Ray

#### Q258. ::
`A company is moving its office and must establish an encrypted connection to AWS.
`Which AWS service will help meet this requirement?

- [x] AWS VPN
- [ ] Amazon Route 53
- [ ] Amazon API Gateway
- [ ] Amazon Connect

#### Q259. ::
`A company needs steady and predictable performance from its Amazon EC2 instances at the lowest possible cost. The company also needs the ability to scale resources to ensure that it has the right resources available at the right time.
`Which AWS service or resource will meet these requirements?


- [ ] Amazon CloudWatch
- [ ] Application Load Balancer
- [ ] AWS Batch
- [x] Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling

#### Q260. ::
`Which action will provide documentation to help a company evaluate whether its use of the AWS Cloud is compliant with local regulatory standards?

- [ ] Running Amazon GuardDuty
- [x] Using AWS Artifact
- [ ] Creating an AWS Support ticket
- [ ] Evaluating AWS CloudTrail logs

#### Q261. ::
`A company wants a cost-effective option when running its applications in an Amazon EC2 instance for short time periods. The applications can be interrupted.
`Which EC2 instance type will meet these requirements?

- [x] Spot Instances
- [ ] On-Demand Instances
- [ ] Reserved Instances
- [ ] Dedicated Instances

#### Q262. ::
`A retail company is building a new mobile app. The company is evaluating whether to build the app at an on-premises data center or in the AWS Cloud.
`Which of the following are benefits of building this app in the AWS Cloud? (Choose two.)

- [ ] A large, upfront capital expense and low variable expenses
- [x] Increased speed for trying out new projects
- [ ] Complete control over the physical security of the infrastructure
- [x] Flexibility to scale up in minutes as the application becomes popular
- [ ] Ability to pick the specific data centers that will host the application servers


#### Q263. ::
`A developer is working on enhancing applications at AWS. The developer needs a service that can securely host GitHub-based code, repositories, and version controls.
`Which AWS service should the developer use?

- [ ] AWS CodeStar
- [ ] Amazon CodeGuru
- [x] AWS CodeCommit
- [ ] AWS CodePipeline

#### Q264. ::
`What is an AWS Region?

- [ ] A broad set of global, cloud-based products that include compute, storage, and databases
- [x] A physical location around the world where data centers are clustered
- [ ] One or more discrete data centers with redundant power, networking, and connectivity
- [ ] A service that developers use to build applications that deliver latencies of single-digit milliseconds to users





