##   p6-221-264-1-3


#### Q221. ::
`Which statements explain the business value of migration to the AWS Cloud? (Choose two.)

- [ ] The migration of enterprise applications to the AWS Cloud makes these applications automatically available on mobile devices.
- [ ] AWS availability and security provide the ability to improve service level agreements (SLAs) while reducing risk and unplanned downtime.
- [x] Companies that migrate to the AWS Cloud eliminate the need to plan for high availability and disaster recovery.
- [x] Companies that migrate to the AWS Cloud reduce IT costs related to infrastructure, freeing budget for reinvestment in other areas.
- [ ] Applications are modernized because migration to the AWS Cloud requires companies to rearchitect and rewrite all enterprise applications.

#### Q222. ::
`A company needs to identify personally identifiable information (PII), such as credit card numbers, from data that is stored in Amazon S3.
`Which AWS service should the company use to meet this requirement?

- [ ] Amazon Inspector
- [ ] AWS Shield
- [ ] Amazon GuardDuty
- [x] Amazon Macie

#### Q223. ::
`Which AWS services or tools are designed to protect a workload from SQL injections, cross-site scripting, and DDoS attacks? (Choose two.)

- [ ] VPC endpoint
- [ ] Virtual private gateway
- [x] AWS Shield Standard
- [ ] AWS Config
- [ ] AWS WAF

#### Q224. ::
`A company wants to forecast future costs and usage of AWS resources based on past consumption.
`Which AWS service or tool will provide this forecast?

- [ ] AWS Cost and Usage Report
- [ ] Amazon Forecast
- [ ] AWS Pricing Calculator
- [x] Cost Explorer

#### Q225. ::
`Which AWS services use cloud-native storage that provides replication across multiple Availability Zones by default? (Choose two.)

- [ ] Amazon ElastiCache
- [ ] Amazon RDS for Oracle
- [x] Amazon Neptune
- [x] Amazon DocumentDB (with MongoDB compatibility)
- [ ] Amazon Redshift

#### Q226. ::
`Which AWS services are serverless? (Choose two.)

- [x] AWS Fargate
- [ ] Amazon Managed Streaming for Apache Kafka
- [ ] Amazon EMR
- [x] Amazon S3
- [ ] Amazon EC2

#### Q227. ::
`Which task is the responsibility of AWS, according to the AWS shared responsibility model?

- [ ] Apply guest operating system patches to Amazon EC2 instances.
- [ ] Provide monitoring of human resources information management (HRIM) systems.
- [x] Perform automated backups of Amazon RDS instances.
- [ ] Optimize the costs of running AWS services.

#### Q228. ::
`A company needs to deploy a PostgreSQL database into Amazon RDS. The database must be highly available and fault tolerant.
`Which AWS solution should the company use to meet these requirements?

- [ ] Amazon RDS with a single Availability Zone
- [ ] Amazon RDS snapshots
- [x] Amazon RDS with multiple Availability Zones
- [ ] AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS)


#### Q229. ::
`A company wants to add facial identification to its user verification process on an application.
`Which AWS service should the company use to meet this requirement?

- [ ] Amazon Polly
- [ ] Amazon Transcribe
- [ ] Amazon Lex
- [x] Amazon Rekognition

#### Q230. ::
`A company wants the ability to quickly upload its applications to the AWS Cloud without needing to provision underlying resources.
`Which AWS service will meet these requirements?

- [ ] AWS CloudFormation
- [x] AWS Elastic Beanstalk
- [ ] AWS CodeDeploy
- [ ] AWS CodeCommit

#### Q231. ::
`Which AWS service monitors CPU utilization on Amazon EC2 instances?

- [ ] AWS CloudTrail
- [ ] Amazon Inspector
- [ ] AWS Config
- [x] Amazon CloudWatch

#### Q232. ::
`A company needs to label its AWS resources so that the company can categorize and track costs.
`What should the company do to meet this requirement?

- [x] Use cost allocation tags.
- [ ] Use AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM).
- [ ] Use AWS Organizations.
- [ ] Use the AWS Cost Management coverage report.


#### Q233. ::
`A company wants its employees to have access to virtual desktop infrastructure to securely access company-provided desktops through the employees' personal devices.
`Which AWS service should the company use to meet these requirements?

- [ ] Amazon AppStream 2.0
- [ ] AWS AppSync
- [ ] Amazon FSx for Windows File Server
- [x] Amazon WorkSpaces

#### Q234. ::
`Which task can a company complete by using AWS Organizations?

- [ ] Track application deployment statuses globally.
- [ ] Remove unused and underutilized AWS resources across all accounts.
- [ ] Activate DDoS protection across all accounts.
- [x] Share pre-purchased Amazon EC2 resources across accounts.
