##   clf-c01_p6-221-264-2

#### Q235. ::
`A user has been granted permission to change their own IAM user password.
`Which AWS services can the user use to change the password? (Choose two.)

- [x] AWS Command Line Interface (AWS CLI)
- [ ] AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS)
- [x] AWS Management Console
- [ ] AWS Resource Access Manager (AWS RAM)
- [ ] AWS Secrets Manager


#### Q236. ::
`A company needs to run an application on Amazon EC2 instances. The instances cannot be interrupted at any time. The company needs an instance purchasing option that requires no long-term commitment or upfront payment.
`Which instance purchasing option will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

- [x] On-Demand Instances
- [ ] Spot Instances
- [ ] Dedicated Hosts
- [ ] Reserved Instances

#### Q237. ::
`A company uses Amazon EC2 instances to run its web application. The company uses On-Demand Instances and Spot Instances. The company needs to visualize its monthly spending on both types of instances.
`Which AWS service or feature will meet this requirement?

- [x] AWS Cost Explorer
- [ ] AWS Budgets
- [ ] Amazon CloudWatch
- [ ] AWS Cost Categories

#### Q238. ::
`Which task can a user complete by using AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)?

- [ ] Validate JSON syntax from an application configuration file.
- [ ] Analyze logs from an Amazon API Gateway call.
- [ ] Filter traffic to or from an Amazon EC2 instance.
- [x] Grant permissions to applications that run on Amazon EC2 instances.

#### Q239.::
`A company needs to generate reports for business intelligence and operational analytics on petabytes of semistructured and structured data. These reports are produced from standard SQL queries on data that is in an Amazon S3 data lake.
`Which AWS service provides the ability to analyze this data?

- [ ] Amazon RDS
- [ ] Amazon Neptune
- [ ] Amazon DynamoDB
- [x] Amazon Redshift

#### Q240. ::
`A system automatically recovers from failure when a company launches its workload on the AWS Cloud services platform.
`Which pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework does this situation demonstrate?

- [ ] Cost optimization
- [ ] Operational excellence
- [ ] Performance efficiency
- [x] Reliability


#### Q241::
`Which of the following describes AWS Local Zones?

- [ ] A cluster of data centers in one geographic location
- [ ] A site used by Amazon CloudFront to cache frequently accessed content
- [x] An extension of an AWS Region to more granular locations
- [ ] One or more data centers with redundant power and networking


#### Q242::
`A retail company is migrating its IT infrastructure applications from on premises to the AWS Cloud.
`Which costs will the company eliminate with this migration? (Choose two.)

- [x] Cost of data center operations
- [ ] Cost of application licensing
- [ ] Cost of marketing campaigns
- [x] Cost of physical server hardware
- [ ] Cost of network management

#### Q243 ::
`What is a benefit of moving to the AWS Cloud in terms of improving time to market?

- [ ] Decreased deployment speed
- [ ] Increased application security
- [x] Increased business agility
- [ ] Increased backup capabilities


#### Q244. :: 
`Which of the following are characteristics of a serverless application that runs in the AWS Cloud? (Choose two.)

- [ ] Users must manually configure Amazon EC2 instances.
- [ ] Users have a choice of operating systems.
- [x] The application has built-in fault tolerance.
- [ ] Users can run Amazon EC2 Spot Instances.
- [x] The application can scale based on demand.

#### Q245. ::
`A company has existing software licenses that it wants to bring to AWS, but the licensing model requires licensing physical cores.
`How can the company meet this requirement in the AWS Cloud?

- [ ] Launch an Amazon EC2 instance with default tenancy.
- [x] Launch an Amazon EC2 instance on a Dedicated Host.
- [ ] Create an On-Demand Capacity Reservation.
- [ ] Purchase Dedicated Reserved Instances.

#### Q246. ::
`A company has a complex AWS architecture. The company needs assistance from a dedicated technical professional who can suggest strategies regarding incidents, trade-offs, support, and risk management.
`Which AWS Support plan will provide the required support?

- [x] AWS Business Support
- [ ] AWS Enterprise Support
- [ ] AWS Developer Support
- [ ] AWS Basic Support

#### Q247. :: 
`Which of the following is an advantage that the AWS Cloud provides to users?

- [x] Users eliminate the need to guess about infrastructure capacity requirements.
- [ ] Users decrease their variable costs by maintaining sole ownership of IT hardware.
- [ ] Users maintain control of underlying IT infrastructure hardware.
- [ ] Users maintain control of operating systems for managed services.

#### Q248. ::
`Which AWS services can use AWS WAF to protect against common web exploitations? (Choose two.)

- [ ] Amazon Route 53
- [x] Amazon CloudFront
- [ ] AWS Transfer Family
- [ ] AWS Site-to-Site VPN
- [x] Amazon API Gateway
