t28.abreviations 0408.1050
XSRF:: Cross-Site Request Forgery :: This is an attack that tricks the victim into submitting a malicious request. It makes use of the identity and privileges of the victim to perform an undesired function on their behalf.

XSS:: Cross-Site-Scripting :: This is a type of security vulnerability typically found in web applications that allows attackers to inject malicious scripts into web pages viewed by other users. These scripts can be used to steal sensitive information or perform actions on behalf of the user without their consent.

CSP:: Content Security Policy :: This is a computer security standard introduced to prevent cross-site scripting (XSS), clickjacking, and other code injection attacks. It allows web developers to control resources the user agent is allowed to load for a given page, effectively reducing the attack surface of their applications.

ARIA:: Accessible Rich Internet Applications attributes :: This is a set of attributes that define ways to make web content and web applications more accessible to people with disabilities. It helps provide information about user interface controls and complex widgets and behaviors in accessible formats.

CORS:: Cross-Origin Resource Sharing :: This is a mechanism that allows many resources (e.g., fonts, JavaScript, etc.) on a web page to be requested from another domain outside the domain from which the resource originated. It's a technology specification that provides a way to share resources across different origins.

DOM:: Document Object Model :: This is a programming interface for web documents. It represents the structure of a document (like HTML or XML) and allows programs and scripts to manipulate the content, structure, and style of the documents.

CSP:: Content Security Policy :: Already defined above, it's a standard designed to prevent certain types of security vulnerabilities that web developers can use to specify how and where a browser should load resources from.

C#, structs are ... (can't be changed after creation).  ::inherently immutable :: z natury niezmienne

The attributes or data of a class (its state) are hidden from other classes and can only be accessed through methods provided by the class. ::data hiding 

The class provides a public interface (methods) for other classes to interact with its data. :: encapsulation of behavior 
        
Safe Navigation Operator (write like this.) :: (?.) 

(1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, etc.) common scale for Planning Poker [name (year-year)]::Fibonacci sequence (1170-1240) 

DTO::data transfer object
UML::Unified Modeling Language
AAA::Arrange Act Assert
CQRS::Command and Query Responsibility Segregation

var studentsStartingWithA = (from s in context.Students where s.Name.StartsWith("A") select s).ToList();::Query Syntax
var studentsStartingWithA = context.Students.Where(s => s.Name.StartsWith("A")).ToList();::Method Syntax (or Lambda Syntax)