##   1°1.2.1__n0-25_newOrder-septembre


#### 001, Q1.p1 [100%]::You have two Hyper-V hosts named Host1 and Host2. 
`Host1 has an Azure virtual machine named VM1 that was deployed by using a custom Azure Resource Manager template. 
`You need to move VM1 to Host2.
- [ ] From the Update management blade, click Enable.
- [ ] From the Overview blade, move VM1 to a different subscription.
- [x] From the Redeploy blade, click Redeploy.
- [ ] From the Profile blade, modify the usage location.

[//] - 002_image [//OK-omg.saved] [100%]

#### 003, Q3.p1_newQuestion [60%]::Your company has an Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) cluster that you manage from an Azure AD-joined device. 
`The cluster is located in a resource group.
`Developers have created an application named MyApp. MyApp was packaged into a container image.
`You need to deploy the YAML manifest file for the application.
Solution: You install the Azure CLI on the device and run the kubectl apply `"-f myapp.yaml command.

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No

#### 004, Q4. [100%]::Your company has an Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) cluster that you manage from an Azure AD-joined device. `The cluster is located in a resource group. 
`Developers have created an application named MyApp. 
`MyApp was packaged into a container image. 
`You need to deploy the YAML manifest file for the application. Solution: You install the docker client on the device and run the docker run -it microsoft/azure-cli:0.10.17 command.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### 005, Q5. [100%]::Your company has a web app named WebApp1. 
`You use the WebJobs SDK to design a triggered App Service background task that automatically invokes a function in the code every time new data is received in a queue. 
`You are preparing to configure the service processes a queue data item. 
`Which of the following is the service you should use?

- [ ] Logic Apps
- [x] WebJobs
- [ ] Flow
- [ ] Functions

#### 006, Q6. [100%]::Your company has an Azure subscription. You need to deploy a number of Azure virtual machines to the subscription by using Azure Resource Manager (ARM) templates. 
`The virtual machines will be included in a single availability set. 
`You need to ensure that the ARM template allows for as many virtual machines as possible to remain accessible in the event of fabric failure or maintenance. 
`Which of the following is the value that you should configure for the platformFaultDomainCount property?

- [ ] 10
- [ ] 30
- [ ] Min Value
- [x] Max Value

#### 007, Q7. [100%]::Your company has an Azure subscription. 
`You need to deploy a number of Azure virtual machines to the subscription by using Azure Resource Manager (ARM) templates. 
`The virtual machines will be included in a single availability set. 
`You need to ensure that the ARM template allows for as many virtual machines as possible to remain accessible in the event of fabric failure or maintenance. 
`Which of the following is the value that you should configure for the platformUpdateDomainCount property?

- [ ] 10
- [x] 20
- [ ] 30
- [ ] 40

[//] - 008_image [//OK-omg.saved] [100%]

#### 009, Q9. [67%]::You company has an on-premises deployment of MongoDB, and an Azure Cosmos DB account that makes use of the MongoDB API. 
`You need to devise a strategy to migrate MongoDB to the Azure Cosmos DB account. 
`You include the Data Management Gateway tool in your migration strategy.

- [x] No change required
- [ ] mongorestore
- [ ] Azure Storage Explorer
- [ ] AzCopy

#### 010, Q10. [100%]::You are developing an e-Commerce Web App. 
`You want to use Azure Key Vault to ensure that sign-ins to the e-Commerce Web App are secured by using Azure App Service authentication and Azure Active Directory (AAD). 
`What should you do on the e-Commerce Web App?

- [ ] Run the az keyvault secret command.
- [ ] Enable Azure AD Connect.
- [x] Enable Managed Service Identity (MSI).
- [ ] Create an Azure AD service principal.

#### 011, Q11. [100%]::This question requires that you evaluate the underlined text to determine if it is correct. 
`Your Azure Active Directory Azure (Azure AD) tenant has an Azure subscription linked to it. 
`Your developer has created a mobile application that obtains Azure AD access tokens using the OAuth 2 implicit grant type.
`The mobile application must be registered in Azure AD. You require a redirect URI from the developer for registration purposes.

- [x] No change required.
- [ ] a secret
- [ ] a login hint
- [ ] a client ID

#### 0012, Q12. [100%]::You are creating an Azure key vault using PowerShell. 
`Objects deleted from the key vault must be kept for a set period of 90 days. 
`Which two of the following parameters must be used in conjunction to meet the requirement? (Choose two.)

- [ ] EnabledForDeployment
- [x] EnablePurgeProtection
- [ ] EnabledForTemplateDeployment
- [x] EnableSoftDelete

[//] - 0013_image [//OK-omg.saved] [100%]

#### 0014, Q14. [100%]::You manage an Azure SQL database that allows for Azure AD authentication. 
`You need to make sure that database developers can connect to the SQL database via Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS). 
`You also need to make sure the developers use their on-premises Active Directory account for authentication. 
`Your strategy should allow for authentication prompts to be kept to a minimum. 
`Which of the following should you implement?

- [ ] Azure AD token.
- [ ] Azure Multi-Factor authentication.
- [x] Active Directory integrated authentication.
- [ ] OATH software tokens.



#### 0015, Q15. [100%]::You are developing an application to transfer data between on-premises file servers and Azure Blob storage. 
`The application stores keys, secrets, and certificates in Azure Key Vault and makes use of the Azure Key Vault APIs. 
`You want to configure the application to allow recovery of an accidental deletion of the key vault or key vault objects for 90 days after deletion. 
`What should you do?

- [ ] Run the Add-AzKeyVaultKey cmdlet.
- [x] Run the az keyvault update --enable-soft-delete true --enable-purge-protection true CLI.
- [ ] Implement virtual network service endpoints for Azure Key Vault.
- [ ] Run the az keyvault update --enable-soft-delete false CLI.

[//] - 0016_image [//OK-omg.saved] [??50%]


#### 0017, Q17. [100%]::You are configuring a web app that delivers streaming video to users. 
`The application makes use of continuous integration and deployment. 
`-You need to ensure that the application is highly available and that the users' streaming experience is constant. 
`-You also want to configure the application to store data in a geographic location that is nearest to the user. 
`
`Solution: You include the use of Azure Redis Cache in your design. 

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No
