##   1°,2504.1238


#### 001::
`Your company has a single on-premises datacenter in Washington DC. The East US Azure region has a peering location in Washington DC.
`The company only has Azure resources in the East US region.
`You need to implement ExpressRoute to support up to 1 Gbps. You must use only ExpressRoute Unlimited data plans. The solution must minimize costs.
`Which type of ExpressRoute circuits should you create? ::
`Explanation: ExpressRoute Local allows connections to Azure resources in the same region as the peering location, 
`minimizing costs since it offers lower pricing compared to other ExpressRoute types, and supports up to 1 Gbps as needed.

- [x] ExpressRoute Local
- [ ] ExpressRoute Direct
- [ ] ExpressRoute Premium
- [ ] ExpressRoute Standard


#### 002::
`You are planning an Azure Point-to-Site (P2S) VPN that will use OpenVPN.
`Users will authenticate by an on-premises Active Directory domain.
`Which additional service should you deploy to support the VPN authentication? ::
`Explanation: A RADIUS server can be used to authenticate VPN users against an on-premises Active Directory, 
`which is the requirement for the Point-to-Site VPN.
- [ ] an Azure key vault
- [x] a RADIUS server
- [ ] a certification authority
- [ ] Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) Application Proxy

#### 003::
`You plan to configure BGP for a Site-to-Site VPN connection between a datacenter and Azure.
`Which two Azure resources should you configure? Each correct answer presents a part of the solution. (Choose two.)::
`Explanation: For BGP over a Site-to-Site VPN, 
`you need a virtual network gateway in Azure connected to your VNet 
`and a local network gateway that represents your on-premises VPN device.
`::
`so virtual network gateway (is on azure side) is like a teleport , by whom you may connect to the datacenter on premise, 
`and 
`local network gataway , is like other side portal, ( on datacenter side) for the teleportation ... 

- [x] a virtual network gateway
- [ ] Azure Application Gateway
- [ ] Azure Firewall
- [x] a local network gateway
- [ ] Azure Front Door

#### 004::
`You fail to establish a Site-to-Site VPN connection between your company's main office and an Azure virtual network.
`You need to troubleshoot what prevents you from establishing the IPsec tunnel.
`Which diagnostic log should you review?::
`Explanation: The IKEDiagnosticLog contains information about the IKE (Internet Key Exchange) protocol 
`used in establishing Site-to-Site VPN connections, making it crucial for troubleshooting IPsec tunnel issues.
- [x] IKEDiagnosticLog
- [ ] RouteDiagnosticLog
- [ ] GatewayDiagnosticLog
- [ ] TunnelDiagnosticLog

#### 005::
`You have an Azure virtual network and an on-premises datacenter.
`You are planning a Site-to-Site VPN connection between the datacenter and the virtual network.
`Which two resources should you include in your plan? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.::
`Explanation: A virtual network gateway is required in Azure for the VPN connection, 
`and a local network gateway is needed to represent the on-premises network in Azure.

- [ ] a user-defined route
- [x] a virtual network gateway
- [ ] Azure Firewall
- [ ] Azure Web Application Firewall (WAF)
- [ ] an on-premises data gateway
- [ ] an Azure application gateway
- [x] a local network gateway


#### 006::
`You need to connect an on-premises network and an Azure environment. The solution must use ExpressRoute and support failing over to a Site-to-Site VPN connection if there is an ExpressRoute failure.
`What should you configure? ::
`Explanation: Route-based routing is required for dynamic routing and failover scenarios like the one described. 
`Although you might expect to need more than one virtual network gateway for failover, 
`a single gateway can support both ExpressRoute and VPN as different connections, thus minimizing complexity and cost.

- [ ] Routing type: Policy-based
- [x] Routing type: Route-based
- [ ] Routing type: Static routing
- [x] Number of virtual network gateways: 1
- [ ] Number of virtual network gateways: 2
- [ ] Number of virtual network gateways: 3

#### 007::
`Your company has an on-premises network and three Azure subscriptions named Subscription1, Subscription2, and Subscription3.
`The departments at the company use the Azure subscriptions as shown in the following table.
`
`|DEPARTMENT--|SUBSCRIPTION-|
`|IT----------|Subscription1|
`|Research----|Subscription1|
`|Development-|Subscription2|
`|Testing-----|Subscription2|
`|Distribution|Subscription3|
`
`All the resources in the subscriptions are in either the West US Azure region or the West US 2 Azure region.
`You plan to connect all the subscriptions to the on-premises network by using ExpressRoute.
`What is the minimum number of ExpressRoute circuits required?
`::
`Single Circuit Sharing: You can use a single ExpressRoute circuit for all subscriptions if they belong to the same Azure AD tenant. 
- [x] 1
- [ ] 2
- [ ] 3
- [ ] 4
- [ ] 5

#### 008::
`Your company has offices in New York and Amsterdam. The company has an Azure subscription. Both offices connect to Azure by using a Site-to-Site VPN connection.
`The office in Amsterdam uses resources in the North Europe Azure region. The office in New York uses resources in the East US Azure region.
`You need to implement ExpressRoute circuits to connect each office to the nearest Azure region. Once the ExpressRoute circuits are connected, the on-premises computers in the Amsterdam office must be able to connect to the on-premises servers in the New York office by using the ExpressRoute circuits.
`Which ExpressRoute option should you use?

- [ ] ExpressRoute FastPath
- [x] ExpressRoute Global Reach
- [ ] ExpressRoute Direct
- [ ] ExpressRoute Local

#### 009::
`You have an Azure subscription that contains a single virtual network and a virtual network gateway.
`You need to ensure that administrators can use Point-to-Site (P2S) VPN connections to access resources in the virtual network. The connections must be authenticated by Azure Active Directory (Azure AD).
`What should you configure? 

- [ ] Azure AD configuration: An access package
- [ ] Azure AD configuration: Conditional access policy
- [x] Azure AD configuration: An enterprise application
- [ ] Azure AD configuration: A VPN certificate
- [ ] P2S VPN tunnel type: IKEv2
- [ ] P2S VPN tunnel type: IKEv2 and SSTP (SSL)
- [x] P2S VPN tunnel type: OpenVPN (SSL)
- [ ] P2S VPN tunnel type: SSTP (SSL)

#### 010::
`You have the hybrid network shown in the Network Diagram exhibit.
`
`
`----------------On-premises
`------------------network
`--------------------|
`--------------------|
`----------------Site-to-Site 
`----------------VPN connection
`--------------------|
`--------------------|
`-----------Azure Virtual Network 
`------------------Vnet1
`------------------<...>
`---|-----------------------------------|
`---|-----------------------------------|
`---|-----------------------------------|
`Peering-----------------------------Peering
`---|-----------------------------------|
`---|-----------------------------------|
`---|-----------------------------------|
`Azure--------------------------------Azure
`Virtual Network-------------------Virtual Network
`Vnet2--------------------------------Vnet3
`<...>--------------------------------<...>
`
`
`You have a peering connection between Vnet1 and Vnet2 as shown in the Peering-Vnet1-Vnet2 exhibit.
`
`
`Add peering ...
`Vnet1
`
`This virtual network
`Peering link name *
`[Peering-Vnet1-Vnet2]
`
`Traffic to remote virtual network
`    ( ) Allow (default)
`    (o) Block all traffic to the remote virtual network
`
`Traffic forwarded from remote virtual network
`    (o) Allow (default)
`    ( ) Block traffic that originates from outside this virtual network
`
`Virtual network gateway or Route Server
`    ( ) Use this virtual network's gateway or Route Server
`    ( ) Use the remote virtual network's gateway or Route Server 
`    (o) None (default)
`
`Remote virtual network
`Peering link name
`[Peering-Vnet1-Vnet2]
`
`Virtual network deployment model (i)
`    (o) Resource manager
`    ( ) Classic
`
`[ ]I know my resource ID
`
`Subscription*(i)
`[Subscription1]
`
`Virtual network
`[Vnet2]
`
`Traffic to remote virtual network (i)
`    (o) Allow (default)
`    ( ) Block all traffic to the remote virtual network
`
`[Add]
`
`You have a peering connection between Vnet1 and Vnet3 as shown in the Peering-Vnet1-Vnet3 exhibit.
`
`
`Add peering ...
`Vnet3
`
`This virtual network 
`Peering link name *
`
`[Peering-Vnet1-Vnet3]
`
`Traffic to remote virtual network (i)
`    (o) Allow (default)
`    ( ) Block all traffic to the remote virtual network
`
`Traffic forwarded from remote virtual network
`    (o) Allow (default)
`    ( ) Block traffic that originates from outside this virtual network
`
`Virtual network gateway or Route Server
`    ( ) Use this virtual network's gateway or Route Server
`    ( ) Use the remote virtual network's gateway or Route Server 
`    (o) None (default)
`
`Remote virtual network
`Peering link name*
`[Peering-Vnet1-Vnet3]
`
`Virtual network deployment model
`    (o) Resource manager
`    ( ) Classic
`
`I know my resource ID
`    Subscription"
`    [Subscription1]
`
`Virtual network
`    [Vnet1]
`
`Traffic to remote virtual network
`    (o) Allow (default)
`    ( ) Block all traffic to the remote virtual network
`Traffic to remote virtual network
`    (o) Allow (default)
`    ( ) Block all traffic to the remote virtual network
`Traffic forwarded from remote virtual network
`    (o) Allow (default)
`    ( ) Block traffic that originates from outside this virtual network
`Virtual network gateway or Route Server
`    ( ) Use this virtual network's gateway or Route Server
`    ( ) Use the remote virtual network's gateway or Route Server 
`    (o) None (default)
`
`[Add]
`
`For each of the following statements, select Yes if the statement is true. Otherwise, select No.

- [x] The resource in Vnet2 can communicate with the resource in Vnet1. Yes
- [ ] The resource in Vnet2 can communicate with the resource in Vnet1. No
- [ ] The resource in Vnet2 can communicate with the resource in Vnet3. Yes
- [x] The resource in Vnet2 can communicate with the resource in Vnet3. No
- [ ] The resource in Vnet2 can communicate with the resource in the on-premises network. Yes
- [x] The resource in Vnet2 can communicate with the resource in the on-premises network. No

#### 011::
`You have the Azure environment shown in the exhibit.
`
`
`--Vnet2--------------------------------Vnet5--
`---VM2----------------------------------VM5---
`--<...>--------------------------------<...>--
`----|------------------------------------|--
`----|------------------------------------|--
`Virtual------------------------------Virtual  
`Network------------------------------Network 
`Peering------------------------------Peering
`----|------------------------------------|--
`----|------------------------------------|--
`---|-------------------------------------|-----------
`---|-------------------------------------|-----------
`---|-------------------------------------|-----------
`---_______Site-to_____|_______Site-to____|-----------
`---|-------Site-------|-------Site-------|-----------
`---|-------(BGP)------|-------(BGP)------|-----------
`---|------------------|------------------|-----------
`Vnet1---------------Vnet3--------------Vnet4---------
`GW1-------------------GW3---------------GW4----------
`VM1------------------VM3----------------VM4----------
`<...>---------------<...>--------------<...>---------
`
`
`You have virtual network peering between Vnet1 and Vnet2. You have virtual network peering between Vnet4 and Vnet5. The virtual network peering is configured as shown in the following table.
`
`Name  | Traffic to remote | Use remote gateway | Allow gateway transit
`------|-------------------|--------------------|----------------------
`Vnet1 | Allow             | None               | Enabled
`Vnet2 | Allow             | Enabled            | None
`Vnet4 | Allow             | None               | Enabled
`Vnet5 | Block             | Enabled            | None

- [x] VM1 and VM4 can communicate. Yes
- [ ] VM1 and VM4 can communicate. No
- [x] VM2 and VM4 can communicate. Yes
- [ ] VM2 and VM4 can communicate. No
- [ ] VM1 and VM5 can communicate. Yes
- [x] VM1 and VM5 can communicate. No


#### 012::
`You have on-premises datacenters in New York and Seattle.
`You have an Azure subscription that contains the ExpressRoute circuits shown in the following table.
`
`
`Name | Azure region | Datacenter
`-----|--------------|------------
`ERC1 | East US      | New York
`ERC2 | West US2     | Seattle
`
`You need to ensure that all the data sent between the datacenters is routed via the ExpressRoute circuits. The solution must minimize costs.
`How should you configure the network? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.

- [ ] ExpressRoute configuration: Direct
- [ ] ExpressRoute configuration: FastPath
- [x] ExpressRoute configuration: Global Reach
- [ ] ExpressRoute configuration: Premium
- [ ] Peering: Microsoft
- [x] Peering: Private
- [ ] Peering: Public

#### 013::
`You have an Azure virtual network named Vnet1 and an on-premises network. The on-premises network has policy-based VPN devices.
`In Vnet1, you deploy a virtual network gateway named GW1 that uses a SKU of VpnGw1 and is route-based.
`You have a Site-to-Site VPN connection for GW1 as shown in the following exhibit.
`
`
`
`Save | X Discard
`
`Use Azure Private IP Address
`    Disabled
`BGP O
`    Disabled 
`IPsec / IKE policy O
`    Default
`Use policy based traffic selector
`    Enable
`DPD timeout in seconds*
`    [45]
`Connection Mode
`    Default
`
`IKE Protocol
`IKEv2
`
`
`
`You need to ensure that the on-premises network can connect to the route-based GW1.
`What should you do before you create the connection?

- [ ] Set Connection Mode to ResponderOnly.
- [ ] Set BGP to Enabled.
- [ ] Set Use Azure Private IP Address to Enabled.
- [x] Set IPsec / IKE policy to Custom.

#### 014::
`HOTSPOT
`
`Your on-premises network contains a VPN device.
`
`You have an Azure subscription that contains a virtual network and a virtual network gateway.
`
`You need to create a Site-to-Site VPN connection that has a custom cryptographic policy.
`
`How should you complete the PowerShell script? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.

- [x]
`$policy = New-AzlpsecPolicy -IkeEncryption AES256 -IkeIntegrity SHA384 -DHGroup DHGroup24 -IpsecEncryption AES256
`-IpsecIntegrity SHA256 -pfsGroup None -SalifeTimeSeconds 14400 -SADataSizeKilobytes 102400000
`...
`New-AzVirtualNetworkGatewayConnection -Name $Connection16 -ResourceGroupName $RG1 -VirtualNetworkGateway1 $vnet1gw
`-LocalNetworkGateway2 $lng6 -Location $Location1 -ConnectionType IPsec -IpsecPolicies $policy -SharedKey 'AzureA1b2c3'

- [ ]
`$policy = New-AzlpsecPolicy -IkeEncryption AES256 -IkeIntegrity SHA384 -DHGroup DHGroup24 -IpsecEncryption AES256
`-IpsecIntegrity SHA256 -pfsGroup None -SalifeTimeSeconds 14400 -SADataSizeKilobytes 102400000
`...
`New-AzVirtualHub -Name $Connection16 -ResourceGroupName $RG1 -VirtualNetworkGateway1 $vnet1gw
`-LocalNetworkGateway2 $lng6 -Location $Location1 -ConnectionType IPsec -IpsecPolicies $policy -SharedKey 'AzureA1b2c3'


- [ ]
`$policy = New-AzServiceEndpointPolicy -IkeEncryption AES256 -IkeIntegrity SHA384 -DHGroup DHGroup24 -IpsecEncryption AES256
`-IpsecIntegrity SHA256 -pfsGroup None -SalifeTimeSeconds 14400 -SADataSizeKilobytes 102400000
`...
`New-AzVirtualNetworkGatewayNatRule -Name $Connection16 -ResourceGroupName $RG1 -VirtualNetworkGateway1 $vnet1gw
`-LocalNetworkGateway2 $lng6 -Location $Location1 -ConnectionType IPsec -IpsecPolicies $policy -SharedKey 'AzureA1b2c3'


- [ ]
`$policy = New-AzVpnClientIpsecPolicy -IkeEncryption AES256 -IkeIntegrity SHA384 -DHGroup DHGroup24 -IpsecEncryption AES256
`-IpsecIntegrity SHA256 -pfsGroup None -SalifeTimeSeconds 14400 -SADataSizeKilobytes 102400000
`...
`New-AzVirtualNetworkGatewayConnection -Name $Connection16 -ResourceGroupName $RG1 -VirtualNetworkGateway1 $vnet1gw
`-LocalNetworkGateway2 $lng6 -Location $Location1 -ConnectionType IPsec -IpsecPolicies $policy -SharedKey 'AzureA1b2c3'


#### 015::
`HOTSPOT
`-
`
`You have an Azure virtual network and an on-premises datacenter that connect by using a Site-to-Site VPN tunnel.
`
`You need to ensure that all traffic from the virtual network to the internet is routed through the datacenter.
`
`How should you complete the PowerShell script to configure forced tunneling? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.

- [ ]
`$force1 = Get-AzLocalNetworkGateway -Name "HQ" -ResourceGroupName "ForcedTunneling"
`$force2 = Get-AzVirtualNetworkGateway -Name "Gateway1" -ResourceGroupName "ForcedTunneling"
`Set-AzVirtualNetworkGatewayConnection -GatewayDefaultSite $force1 -VirtualNetworkGateway $force2


- [x]
`$force1 = Get-AzLocalNetworkGateway -Name "HQ" -ResourceGroupName "ForcedTunneling"
`$force2 = Get-AzVirtualNetworkGateway -Name "Gateway1" -ResourceGroupName "ForcedTunneling"
`Set-AzVirtualNetworkGatewayDefaultSite -GatewayDefaultSite $force1 -VirtualNetworkGateway $force2


- [ ]
`$force1 = Get-AzVirtualNetworkAppliance -Name "HQ" -ResourceGroupName "ForcedTunneling"
`$force2 = Get-AzVirtualNetworkGateway -Name "Gateway1" -ResourceGroupName "ForcedTunneling"
`Set-AzVirtualNetworkPeering -GatewayDefaultSite $force1 -VirtualNetworkGateway $force2


- [ ]
`$force1 = Get-AzVirtualNetworkGataway -Name "HQ" -ResourceGroupName "ForcedTunneling"
`$force2 = Get-AzVirtualNetworkGateway -Name "Gateway1" -ResourceGroupName "ForcedTunneling"
`Set-AzVirtualNetworkSubnetConfig -GatewayDefaultSite $force1 -VirtualNetworkGateway $force2



#### 016::
`You are planning an Azure deployment that will contain three virtual networks in the East US Azure region as shown in the following table.
`
`
`Name  | Description
`------|---------------------------------------------------
`Vnet1 | Hub virtual network for shared services
`Vnet2 | Virtual machines for the IT department
`Vnet3 | Virtual machines for the research department
`
`
`A Site-to-Site VPN will connect Vnet1 to your company’s on-premises network.
`
`You need to recommend a solution that ensures that the virtual machines on all the virtual networks can communicate with the on-premises network. The solution must minimize costs.
`
`What should you recommend for Vnet2 and Vnet3?

- [ ] VNet-to-VNet VPN connections
- [x] peering
- [ ] service endpoints
- [ ] route tables

#### 017::
`Your company has an office in New York.
`
`The company has an Azure subscription that contains the virtual networks shown in the following table.
`
`
`Name  | Location
`------|-----------
`Vnet1 | East US
`Vnet2 | North Europe
`Vnet3 | West US
`Vnet4 | West Europe
`
`You need to connect the virtual networks to the office by using ExpressRoute. The solution must meet the following requirements:
`
`• The connection must have up to 1 Gbps of bandwidth.
`• The office must have access to all the virtual networks.
`• Costs must be minimized.
`
`How many ExpressRoute circuits should be provisioned, and which ExpressRoute SKU should you enable?

- [x] one ExpressRoute Premium circuit
- [ ] two ExpressRoute Premium circuits
- [ ] four ExpressRoute Standard circuits
- [ ] one ExpressRoute Standard circuit

#### 018::
`You have an Azure subscription that contains a virtual network.
`
`You plan to deploy an Azure VPN gateway and 90 Site-to-Site VPN connections. The solution must meet the following requirements:
`
`• Ensure that the Site-to-Site VPN connections remain available if an Azure datacenter fails.
`• Minimize costs.
`
`Which gateway SKU should you specify?

- [ ] VpnGw1AZ
- [ ] VpnGw2AZ
- [x] VpnGw4AZ
- [ ] VpnGw5AZ

#### 019::
`You have an Azure subscription that contains the resources shown in the following table.
`
`
`Name | Type            | Description
`-----|-----------------|---------------------------------------
`Vnet1| Virtual network | In the US East Azure region
`LB1  | Load balancer   | Basic SKU
`VM1  | Virtual machine | Connected to Vnet1; Member of the backend pool of LB1
`VM2  | Virtual machine | Connected to Vnet1; Member of the backend pool of LB1
`
`
`
`You create a virtual network named Vnet2 in the West US region.
`
`You plan to enable peering between Vnet1 and Vnet2.
`
`You need to ensure that the virtual machines connected to Vnet2 can connect to VM1 and VM2 via LB1.
`
`What should you do?

- [ ] From the Peerings settings of Vnet2, set Traffic forwarded from remote virtual network to Allow.
- [ ] Change the Floating IP configurations of LB1.
- [ ] From the Peerings settings of Vnet1, set Traffic forwarded from remote virtual network to Allow.
- [x] Change the SKU of LB1.

#### 020::
`Your on-premises network contains an Active Directory Domain Services (AD DS) domain named contoso.com that has an internal certification authority (CA).
`
`You have an Azure subscription.
`
`You deploy an Azure application gateway named AppGwy1 and perform the following actions:
`
`• Configure an HTTP listener
`• Associate a routing rule with the listener
`
`You need to configure AppGwy1 to perform mutual authentication for requests from domain-joined computers to contoso.com.
`
`Which four actions should you perform in sequence? To answer, move the appropriate actions from the list of actions to the answer area and arrange them in the correct order.
::
`The Story: "The Secure Gateway Festival"
`
`Imagine you're organizing a big festival (AppGwy1) in your town (contoso.com). The goal of the festival is to ensure that only residents of the town (domain-joined computers) can enter and enjoy the festivities, and you want to make sure that everyone is who they say they are (mutual authentication).
`
`Preparing the Entry Gate (Creating an SSL profile)
`Before you can start checking tickets, you need to set up a secure entry gate. This gate is special—it checks both the tickets of the visitors and confirms the identity of the security staff (SSL profile). This is your first step because without a secure gate, you can't verify everyone properly.
`Issuing Secure Tickets (Uploading a certificate)
`Now that the gate is ready, you need tickets that are secure and hard to fake. You decide to issue special electronic tickets (certificate) that can be verified at the entry gate. You take a certificate from the town hall (on-premises computer) and make sure it can be read by the gate's scanners by uploading it to the festival's control system (AppGwy1).
`Setting Up the Scanners (Adding an HTTP listener and associating it to the SSL profile)
`With the secure gate and tickets ready, you need to set up the scanners (HTTP listener) that will read the tickets as the guests arrive. These scanners are connected to the gate's security system (associate the listener to the SSL profile) to ensure that every ticket is checked against the secure list.
`Organizing the Festival Paths (Creating a routing rule)
`Finally, once visitors are inside, you need to guide them to various parts of the festival (routing rule). This way, everyone knows where to go to enjoy the festival, ensuring a smooth flow of traffic and a better experience for everyone.

- [0] From AppGwyl, create an SSL profile. 
- [1] From an on-premises computer, upload a certificate to AppGwy1 
- [2] From AppGwyl, add an HTTP listener and associate the listener to the SSL profile. 
- [3] From AppGwy1, create a routing rule. 
- [ ] From AppGwy1, Create a frontend IP configuration. 


#### 023::
`You have an Azure subscription that contains a virtual network gateway named VNetGwy1. VNetGwy1 has a public IP address of 20.25.32.214.
`
`You need to query the health probe of VNetGwy1.
`
`How should you complete the URI? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.


- [ ] http ://20.25.32.214:80 /healthprobe
- [ ] http ://20.25.32.214:8081 /healthprobe
- [x] https ://20.25.32.214:8081 /healthprobe
- [ ] https ://20.25.32.214:443 /healthprobe
- [ ] snmp ://20.25.32.214:8081 /healthprobe

#### 024::
`You have an on-premises datacenter.
`
`You have an Azure subscription that contains 10 virtual machines and a virtual network named VNet1 in the East US Azure region. The virtual machines are connected to VNet1 and replicate across three availability zones.
`
`You need to connect the datacenter to VNet1 by using ExpressRoute. The solution must meet the following requirements:
`
`• Maintain connectivity to the virtual machines if two availability zones fail.
`• Support 1000-Mbps connections.
`• Minimize costs.
`
`What should you include in the solution? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.
`::
`
`When deploying an ErGw1AZ, it is possible to define its zone availability as "Zone-Redundant", in addition it is also essential that the ip used by the ER Gateway be "Standard", because at the time of provisioning this ip will become redundant between the availability zones . Regarding the ER Circuit, it can be "Local", but in this scenario it would be unlimited and more expensive than the "Standard" Limited in 1Gbps. In my opinion the best answer would be:

1. One ExpressRoute Standard circuit
2. One ExpressRoute gateway of the ErGw1AZ SKU

- [x] Minimum number of Express Route circuits: One ExpressRoute Standard circuit
- [ ] Minimum number of Express Route circuits: One ExpressRoute Premium circuit 
- [ ] Minimum number of Express Route circuits: Two ExpressRoute Standard circuits
- [ ] Minimum number of Express Route circuits: Two Express Route Premium circuits
- [ ] Minimum number of Express Route circuits: Three Express Route Standard circuits
- [ ] Minimum number of Express Route circuits: Three Express Route Premium circuits

- [x] Minimum number of Express Route gateways: One Express Route gateway of the ErGw1AZ SKU 
- [ ] Minimum number of Express Route gateways: One Express Route gateway of the High performance SKU
- [ ] Minimum number of Express Route gateways: Two Express Route gateway of the ErGw1AZ SKU 
- [ ] Minimum number of Express Route gateways: Two Express Route gateway of the High performance SKU
- [ ] Minimum number of Express Route gateways: Three ExpressRoute gateway of the ErGw1AZ SKU
- [ ] Minimum number of Express Route gateways: Three Express Route gateway of the High performance SKU


#### 025;page5.5th::
`You have an Azure subscription that contains a virtual network named VNet1 and the virtual machines shown in the following table.
`
`
`Name | IP address | Description
`-----|------------|---------------------------
`VM1  | 10.1.1.11  | Hosted application protocol HTTPS (TCP port 443)
`VM2  | 10.1.1.21  | SMTP (TCP port 25)
`VM3  | 10.1.1.31  | SFTP (TCP port 22)
`
`All the virtual machines are connected to Vnet1.
`
`You need to ensure that the applications hosted on the virtual machines can be accessed from the internet. The solution must ensure that the virtual machines share a single public IP address.
`
`What should you use?

- [ ] an internal load balancer
- [ ] Azure Application Gateway
- [ ] a NAT gateway
- [x] a public load balancer


#### 026::
`
`Litware, Inc. is a financial company that has a main datacenter in Boston and 20 branch offices across the United States. Users have Android, iOS, and Windows 10 devices.
`
`
`Existing Environment -
`
`
`Hybrid Environment -
`
`The on-premises network contains an Active Directory forest named litwareinc.com that syncs to an Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) tenant named litwareinc.com by using Azure AD Connect.
`
`All offices connect to a virtual network named Vnet1 by using a Site-to-Site VPN connection.
`
`
`Azure Environment -
`
`Vnet1-----------------|Virtual-network-----------|Uses-an-IP-address-space-of-192.168.0.0/20-------------------|
`Gateway-Subnet--------|Virtual-network-subnet----|Located-in-Vnet1-and-uses-an-IP-address-space-of-           |-
`----------------------|--------------------------|192.168.15.128/29-------------------------------------------|-
`VPNGW1----------------|VPN-gateway---------------|Deployed-to-Vnet1--------------------------------------------|
`Vnet2-----------------|Virtual-network-----------|Uses-an-IP-address-space-of-192.168.16.0/20------------------|
`SubnetA---------------|Virtual-network-subnet----|Located-in-Vnet2-and-uses-an-IP-address-space-of-------------|
`|---------------------|--------------------------|192.168.16.0/24----------------------------------------------
`Vnet3-----------------|Virtual-network-----------|Uses-an-IP-address-space-of-192.168.32.0/20------------------|
`cloud.litwareinc.com--|Private-DNS-zone----------|none---------------------------------------------------------|
`VMScaleSet1-----------|Virtual-machine-scale-set-|Contains-four-virtual-machines-deployed-to-SubnetA-----------|
`VMScaleSet2-----------|Virtual-machine-scale-set-|Contains-two-virtual-machines-deployed-to-SubnetA------------|
`storage1--------------|Storage-account-----------|Has-the-public-endpoint-blocked------------------------------|
`storage2--------------|Storage-account-----------|Has-the-public-endpoint-blocked------------------------------|
`
`
`A diagram of the resource in the East US Azure region is shown in the Azure Network Diagram exhibit.
`
`There is bidirectional peering between Vnet1 and Vnet2. There is bidirectional peering between Vnet1 and Vnet3.
`Currently, Vnet2 and Vnet3 cannot communicate directly.
`
`
`Azure Network Diagram -
`
`--------------------------------------------------------------------------
`--------------------------------------------------------------------------
`--------------Vnet1--------------------------------Vnet2------------------
`---------192.168.0.0/20-------bidirectional-----192.168.16.0/20-------------
`---------------------------------peering----------------------------------
`--------------<...>------<___________________>------<...>------------------
`----------GatewaySubnet----------------------------SubnetA----------------
`---------192.168.15.128/29--------------------192.168.15.128/29-----------
`---------------<.>----------------------------------<.>-------------------
`--------------------------------------------------------------------------
`--------------VPNGW1-------------------------------------------------------
`----------------^--------------------------VMScaleSet1--------VMScaleSet2--
`--Bidirectional-|----------------------------4-VMs--------------2-VMs------
`---peering------|----------------------------------------------------------
`----------------v----------------------------------------------------------
`--------------Vnet3--------------------------------------------------------
`--------192.168.32.0/20---------------------Storage1------------Storage2---
`---------------------------------------------------------------------------
`--------------<...>--------------------------------------------------------
`----------------------------------------------Cloud.litwareinc.com---------
`---------------------------------------------------------------------------
`
`
`Requirements -
`
`
`Business Requirements -
`
`Litware wants to minimize costs whenever possible, as long as all other requirements are met.
`
`
`Virtual Networking Requirements -
`
`Litware identifies the following virtual networking requirements:
`
`• Direct the default route of 0.0.0.0/0 on Vnet2 and Vnet3 to the Boston datacenter over an ExpressRoute circuit.
`• Ensure that the records in the cloud.litwareinc.com can be resolved from the on-premises locations.
`• Automatically register the DNS names of Azure virtual machines to the cloud.litwareinc.com zone.
`• Minimize the size of the subnets allocated to platform-managed services.
`• Allow traffic from VMScaleSet1 to VMScaleSet2 on the TCP port 443 only.
`
`
`Hybrid Networking Requirements -
`
`Litware identifies the following hybrid networking requirements:
`
`• Users must be able to connect to Vnet1 by using a Point-to-Site (P2S) VPN when working remotely. Connections must be authenticated by Azure AD.
`• Latency of the traffic between the Boston datacenter and all the virtual networks must be minimized.
`• The Boston datacenter must connect to the Azure virtual networks by using an ExpressRoute FastPath connection.
`• Traffic between Vnet2 and Vnet3 must be routed through Vnet1.
`
`
`PaaS Networking Requirements -
`
`Litware identifies the following networking requirements for platform as a service (PaaS):
`
`• The storage1 account must be accessible from all on-premises locations without exposing the public endpoint of storage1.
`• The storage2 account must be accessible from Vnet2 and Vnet3 without exposing the public endpoint of storage2.
`
`
`You need to connect Vnet2 and Vnet3. The solution must meet the virtual networking requirements and the business requirements.
`
`Which two actions should you include in the solution? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.
`
`NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one point.

- [x] On the peering from Vnet1, select Allow gateway transit. 
- [x] On the peerings from Vnet2 and Vnet3, select Use remote gateways. 
- [ ] On the peerings from Vnet2 and Vnet3, select Allow gateway transit.
- [ ] On the peering from Vnet1, select Use remote gateways.
- [ ] On the peering from Vnet1, select Allow forwarded traffic.

#### 027::
`You have an Azure subscription.
`
`You plan to use Azure Virtual WAN.
`
`You need to deploy a virtual WAN hub that meets the following requirements:
`
`• Supports 4 Gbps of Site-to-Site (S2S) VPN traffic
`• Supports 8 Gbps of ExpressRoute traffic
`• Minimizes costs
`
`How many scale units should you configure?

- [ ] For the S2S VPN gateway: 2
- [ ] For the S2S VPN gateway: 4
- [x] For the S2S VPN gateway: 8
- [ ] For the S2S VPN gateway: 16
- [ ] For the Express Route gateway: 2
- [x] For the Express Route gateway: 4
- [ ] For the Express Route gateway: 8
- [ ] For the Express Route gateway: 16
