##   2°,3004.1441


#### 028::
`You have an on-premises network.
`
`You have an Azure subscription that contains a virtual network named VNet1. VNet1 contains an ExpressRoute gateway.
`
`You need to connect VNet1 to the on-premises network by using an ExpressRoute circuit.
`
`Which four actions should you perform in sequence? To answer, move the appropriate actions from the list of actions to the answer area and arrange them in the correct order.
`::
`Imagine two cities: Azure City (Azure virtual network) and Home Town (your on-premises network). To improve communication and transport between these two cities, you decide to build a private bridge (ExpressRoute circuit). Here’s how you would proceed:
`
`Planning and Initiating Construction (Create the ExpressRoute circuit)
`First, you need to lay down the foundation and structure of the bridge. This involves planning the route and construction specifications (creating the ExpressRoute circuit). It’s the essential first step to physically connect the two cities.
`Ge1tting Approval and Permits (Send a service key to your connectivity provider)
`Once the plans are in place, you must get the necessary approvals and permits to proceed. You send the service key, which is like an official request or permit application, to your connectivity provider. This key is crucial as it allows you to begin actual construction under approved standards.
`Setting Up Direct Routes (Configure Azure private peering)
`With the construction underway, you need to set up direct and secure routes on the bridge. These routes (Azure private peering) are designed for private communication between Azure City and Home Town, ensuring that data travels securely without public access.
`Opening the Bridge (Create a connection from VNet1 to the ExpressRoute circuit)
`Finally, once everything is set up, you officially open the bridge by connecting it from Azure City’s side (VNet1) to the structure you’ve built (ExpressRoute circuit). This action symbolizes the bridge being open for secure, direct traffic between the cities.

- [0] Create the Express Route circuit.
- [1] Send a service key to your connectivity provider.
- [2] Configure Azure private peering.
- [3] Create a connection from VNet1 to the Express Route circuit.
- [ ] Configure Azure public peering.

#### 029::
`You have three on-premises networks.
`
`You have an Azure subscription that contains a Basic Azure virtual WAN. The virtual WAN contains a single virtual hub and a virtual network gateway that is limited to a throughput of 1 Gbps.
`
`The on-premises networks connect to the virtual WAN by using Site-to-Site (S2S) VPN connections.
`
`You need to increase the throughput of the virtual WAN to 3 Gbps. The solution must minimize administrative effort.
`
`What should you do?

- [ ] Upgrade the virtual WAN to the Standard SKU.
- [ ] Add an additional VPN gateway to the Azure subscription.
- [ ] Create an additional virtual hub.
- [x] Increase the number of gateway scale units.


#### 030::
`You have 10 on-premises networks that are connected by using a 3rd party Software Defined Wide Area Network (SD-WAN) solution. You have an Azure subscription that contains five virtual networks.
`
`You plan to connect the Azure virtual networks and the on-premises networks by using an Azure Virtual WAN with a single virtual WAN hub.
`
`You need to ensure that the Azure Virtual WAN can act as a node in the 3rd party SD-WAN solution.
`
`What should you include in the solution?

- [ ] An Azure Virtual WAN ExpressRoute gateway
- [x] A Network Virtual Appliance (NVA)
- [ ] A Site to site gateway (VPN gateway)
- [ ] A Point to site gateway (User VPN gateway)

#### 031::
`You have the Azure resources shown in the following table.
`
`Name------------------|Туре ---------------------| Location ------|Description
`Sub1------------------|Azure-subscription--------|West-Europe-----|None
`Sub2------------------|Azure-subscription--------|West-Europe-----|None
`VNet1-----------------|Virtual-network-----------|West-Europe-----|Created-in-Sub1
`VNet2-----------------|Virtual-network-----------|West-Europe-----|Created-in-Sub2
`Circuit1--------------|ExpressRoute-circuit------|West-Europe-----|Linked-to-VNet1
`Gateway1--------------|ExpressRoute-gateway------|West-Europe-----|Created-in-VNet1
`Gateway2--------------|ExpressRoute-gateway------|West-Europe-----|Created-in-VNet2
`
`
`
`
`You need to link VNet2 to Circuit1.
`
`What should you create in each subscription? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.


- [ ] Sub1: A new Express Route circuit
- [ ] Sub1: An ExpressRoute circuit connection
- [x] Sub1: An Express Route circuit connection authorization
- [ ] Sub2: A new Express Route circuit
- [x] Sub2: An ExpressRoute circuit connection
- [ ] Sub2: An Express Route circuit connection authorization

#### 032::
`You have an on-premises datacenter and an Azure subscription.
`
`You plan to implement ExpressRoute FastPath.
`
`You need to create an ExpressRoute gateway. The solution must minimize downtime if a single Azure datacenter fails.
`
`Which SKU should you use?

- [ ] ErGw1AZ
- [ ] High performance
- [ ] Ultra performance
- [x] ErGw3AZ
- [ ] ErGw2AZ

#### 033::
`You have an Azure subscription that contains the resources shown in the following table.
`
`VWAN1----------------|Azure-Virtual-WAN---------|Standard-Virtual-WAN
`Hub1-----------------|Azure-Virtual-WAN-hub-----|Hub-for-VWAN1
`VNet1----------------|Virtual-network-----------|Connected-to-Hub1
`VNet2----------------|Virtual-network-----------|Connected-to-Hub1
`VNet3----------------|Virtual-network-----------|Peered-with-VNet2
`NVA1-----------------|Virtual-machine-----------|Hosts-a-routing-appliance-deployed-to-VNet2
`
`You establish BGP peering between NVA1 and Hub1.
`
`You need to implement transit connectivity between VNet1 and VNet3 via Hub1 by using BGP peering. The solution must minimize costs.
`
`What should you do? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.


- [ ] 
`On Hub1, propagate routes from connections to VNet1 and VNet2 to: A custom route table and associate the routes with the defaultRouteTable
- [ ] 
`On Hub1, propagate routes from connections to VNet1 and VNet2 to: A custom route table and associate the routes with the same custom route table 
- [x] 
`On Hub1, propagate routes from connections to VNet1 and VNet2 to: The defaultRouteTable and associate the routes with the defaultRouteTable
- [ ] 
`On VNet3, implement: Azure Route Server on a dedicated subnet
- [ ] 
`On VNet3, implement: Azure VPN Gateway on a dedicated subnet 
- [x] 
`On VNet3, implement: User-defined routes

#### 034::
`You have an Azure subscription that contains an ExpressRoute Standard gateway named GW1.
`
`You need to upgrade GW1 to support ExpressRoute FastPath. The solution must minimize downtime.
`
`Which SKU should you use?

- [x] Ultra performance
- [ ] ErGw3AZ
- [ ] ErGw2AZ
- [ ] High performance

#### 035::
`Your on-premises network uses an IP address range of 10.1.0.0 to 10.1.255.255.
`
`You plan to deploy a new Azure virtual network solution that will include the following elements:
`
`• A virtual network named VNet1
`• A Site-to-Site (S2S) VPN connection between VNet1 and the on-premises network
`• GatewaySubnet in VNet1, which will be used as a route-based virtual network gateway
`
`You need to recommend which subnet masks to assign to VNet1 and GatewaySubnet. The solution must meet the following requirements:
`
`• Maximize the number of available IP addresses on VNet1.
`• Minimize the number of available IP addresses on GatewaySubnet.
`
`Which address spaces should you assign to VNet1 and GatewaySubnet?

- [ ] VNet1: 10.0.0.0/8
- [ ] VNet1: 10.0.0.0/16
- [x] VNet1: 10.0.0.0/24
- [ ] VNet1: 10.0.0.0/27
- [ ] GatewaySubnet: 10.0.0.0/16
- [ ] GatewaySubnet: 10.0.0.0/24
- [x] GatewaySubnet: 10.0.0.0/27
- [ ] GatewaySubnet: 10.0.0.0/29

#### 037::
`You have two Azure virtual networks named Vnet1 and Vnet2.
`You have a Windows 10 device named Client1 that connects to Vnet1 by using a Point-to-Site (P2S) IKEv2 VPN.
`You implement virtual network peering between Vnet1 and Vnet2. Vnet1 allows gateway transit. Vnet2 can use the remote gateway.
`You discover that Client1 cannot communicate with Vnet2.
`You need to ensure that Client1 can communicate with Vnet2.
`Solution: You reset the gateway of Vnet1.
`Does this meet the goal?

- [ ] Yes 
- [x] No


#### 038::
`You have two Azure virtual networks named Vnet1 and Vnet2.
`You have a Windows 10 device named Client1 that connects to Vnet1 by using a Point-to-Site (P2S) IKEv2 VPN.
`You implement virtual network peering between Vnet1 and Vnet2. Vnet1 allows gateway transit. Vnet2 can use the remote gateway.
`You discover that Client1 cannot communicate with Vnet2.
`You need to ensure that Client1 can communicate with Vnet2.
`Solution: You enable BGP on the gateway of Vnet1.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### 039::
`You have the Azure environment shown in the following exhibit.
`
`-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`| Datacenter-to-Site-to-Site-VPN---------------------------------------------------------|
`|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
`|--------[Datacenter]------Site-to-Site-VPN------[VPN-Gateway]<-->[VM1]------------------|
`|--------------------------------------------------------\-------------------------------|
`|---------------------------------------------------------\------------------------------|
`|----------------------------------------------------------\--[VNET1]--------------------|
`|-----------------------------------------------------------\---|------------------------|
`|------------------------------------------------------------\--|------------------------|
`|-------------------------------------------------------------\ |------------------------|
`|--------[Subscription-1]<-------------------------------------\|------------------------|
`|---------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------|
`|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
`|--------Bi-directional-VNet-peering-with-gateway-transit-enabled------------------------|
`|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
`|---------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------|
`|--------[Subscription-2]--------------------------------------/|------------------------|
`|-------------------------------------------------------------/ |------------------------|
`|------------------------------------------------------------/--|-[VNET2]----[VM2]-------|
`|-----------------------------------------------------------/---|------------------------|
`|----------------------------------------------------------/----|------------------------|
`|---------------------------------------------------------/-----|------------------------|
`|--------[VM3]<-------------------------------------------/------|----[VNET3]------------|
`|---------------------------________Bi-directional-VNet-peering--------------------------|
`|--------[Subscription-3]----------------------------------------------------------------|
`------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`
`
`
`Use the drop-down menus to select the answer choice that completes each statement based on the information presented in the graphic.
`::
`enable transit gateway means selecting both in vnet peering ( Use this virtual network's gateway + Use the remote virtual network's gateway ) . so above answer is correct as mentioned in diagram

- [ ] VM1 can communicate with (answer choice): VM2 only
- [ ] VM1 can communicate with (answer choice): VM2 and VM3 only
- [x] VM1 can communicate with (answer choice): the on-premises datacenter and VM2 only
- [ ] VM1 can communicate with (answer choice): the on-premises datacenter, VM2, and VM3 only
- [ ] VM2 can communicate with (answer choice): VM1 only
- [ ] VM2 can communicate with (answer choice): VM1 and VM3 only
- [ ] VM2 can communicate with (answer choice): the on-premises datacenter and VM3 only 
- [x] VM2 can communicate with (answer choice): the on-premises datacenter, VM1, and VM3 only


#### 040::
`You plan to deploy Azure virtual network.
`You need to design the subnets.
`Which three types of resources require a dedicated subnet? Each correct answer presents a complete solution.


- [x] Azure Bastion
- [ ] Azure Active Directory Domain Services (Azure AD DS)
- [ ] Azure Private Link
- [x] Azure Application Gateway v2
- [x] VPN gateway

#### 041::
`You have an Azure private DNS zone named contoso.com that is linked to the virtual networks shown in the following table.
`
`
`Name IP address 
`Vnet1 10.1.0.0/16
`Vnet2 10.2.0.0/16
`
`The links have auto registration enabled.
`You create the virtual machines shown in the following table.
`
`Name IP address 
`VM1 10.1.10.10
`VM2 10.2.10.10
`VM3 10.2.10.11
`
`
`You manually add the following entry to the contoso.com zone:
`✑ Name: VM1
`
`IP address: 10.1.10.9 -
`::
`VM2 will resolve vm1.contoso.com to 10.1.10.10: The correct expectation is that VM2 should not resolve vm1.contoso.com to 10.1.10.10 because there is a manually added entry for VM1 pointing to 10.1.10.9. The test statement could be: "VM2 will resolve vm1.contoso.com to the manually added IP address (10.1.10.9), not the auto-registered IP address of VM1 (10.1.10.10)."
`
`Deleting VM1 will delete all VM1 records automatically: The test statement should reflect that deleting VM1 does not automatically remove manually added DNS entries for VM1. So, it could be: "Manually added DNS records for VM1 will not be automatically deleted from the contoso.com zone upon VM1's deletion."
`
`Changing the IP address of VM3 will update the DNS record of VM3 automatically: This statement tests the understanding that with auto-registration enabled, changes to VM3's IP address should be automatically reflected in the DNS records. However, manually added records are not automatically updated. The missing test statement might be: "Auto-registration ensures that changes to the IP address of VM3 are automatically updated in the DNS records for contoso.com."

- [ ] VM2 will resolve vm1.contoso.com to 10.1.10.10 : Yes
- [x] VM2 will resolve vm1.contoso.com to 10.1.10.10 : No
- [ ] Deleting VM1 will delete all VM1 records automatically : Yes
- [x] Deleting VM1 will delete all VM1 records automatically : No
- [ ] Changing the IP address of VM3 will update the DNS record of VM3 automatically : Yes
- [x] Changing the IP address of VM3 will update the DNS record of VM3 automatically : No

#### 042::
`Your company has an Azure virtual network named Vnet1 that uses an IP address space of 192.168.0.0/20. Vnet1 contains a subnet named Subnet1 that uses an
`IP address space of 192.168.0.0/24.
`You create an IPv6 address range to Vnet1 by using a CIDR suffix of /48.
`You need to enable the virtual machines on Subnet1 to communicate with each other by using IPv6 addresses assigned by the company. The solution must minimize the number of additional IPv4 addresses.
`What should you do?

- [ ] Create an IPv6 subnet that uses a CIDR suffix of: /20
- [ ] Create an IPv6 subnet that uses a CIDR suffix of: /24
- [ ] Create an IPv6 subnet that uses a CIDR suffix of: /48
- [x] Create an IPv6 subnet that uses a CIDR suffix of: /64
- [x] For each virtual machine, create an additional: IP configuration
- [ ] For each virtual machine, create an additional: NIC
- [ ] For each virtual machine, create an additional: Public IPv6 address

#### 043::
`You plan to deploy Azure Virtual WAN.
`You need to deploy a virtual WAN hub that meets the following requirements:
`✑ Supports 10 sites that will connect to the virtual WAN hub by using a Site-to-Site VPN connection
`✑ Supports 8 Gbps of ExpressRoute traffic
`✑ Minimizes costs
`What should you configure? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.


- [ ] Virtual WAN type: Basic
- [x] Virtual WAN type: Standard
- [ ] Number of scale units: 2
- [x] Number of scale units: 4
- [ ] Number of scale units: 6
- [ ] Number of scale units: 8


#### 044::
`You have an Azure subscription that contains the resources shown in the following table.
`
`
`|-Name-----|-Type------------|-Location-|
`|----------|-----------------|----------|
`|WebApp1---|-Web-app---------|-West-US--|
`|VNet1-----|-Virtual-network-|-East-US--|
`
`
`The IP Addresses settings for Vnet1 are configured as shown in the exhibit.
`
`## Basic IP Addresses Security Tags Review + Create
`
`### IPv4 Address Space
`- **Address Space**: The virtual network's address space is specified as one or more address prefixes in CIDR notation (e.g., '192.168.1.0/24').
`- **Example**:
`  - '10.3.0.0/16' - '10.3.0.0' to '10.3.255.255' (65,536 addresses)
`
`### IPv6 Address Space
`- [ ] Add IPv6 address space
`
`### Subnets
`- **Description**: The subnet's address range in CIDR notation (e.g., '192.168.1.0/24'). It must be contained by the address space of the virtual network.
`  - [+] Add subnet
`  - [ ] Remove subnet
`
`#### Subnet Details
`- **Subnet Name**: Subnet1
`- **Subnet Address Range**: '10.3.0.0/16'
`- **NAT Gateway**: (Optional) Use of a NAT gateway is recommended for outbound internet access from a subnet. You can deploy a NAT gateway and assign it to a subnet after you create the virtual network. [Learn more](#)
`
`
`
`
`You need to ensure that you can integrate WebApp1 and Vnet1.
`Which three actions should you perform in sequence before you can integrate WebApp1 and Vnet1? To answer, move the appropriate actions from the list of actions to the answer area and arrange them in the correct order.
`::
`To integrate WebApp1, which is located in the West US region, with VNet1, which is located in the East US region, and ensure secure connectivity, you should follow these steps in sequence:
`
`Deploy a VPN Gateway:
`
`First, you need to deploy a VPN gateway in VNet1. This gateway will facilitate the secure tunnel required for data to travel securely over the internet between VNet1 and any other network, including the network that hosts WebApp1. This is crucial for ensuring that traffic between the two can be encrypted and routed appropriately.
`Create a Service Endpoint:
`
`After establishing a VPN gateway, the next step is to create a service endpoint. This will allow you to extend your virtual network's private address space and the identity of VNet1 into Azure services, such as Azure Storage and SQL databases, more securely. For integrating with WebApp1 specifically, you'll configure service endpoints that enable secure and direct connectivity from the WebApp to the services hosted within VNet1, leveraging Azure's internal backbone network.
`Add a Private Endpoint:
`
`Finally, add a private endpoint in VNet1 for WebApp1. A private endpoint uses a private IP address from VNet1 to enable access to services like Azure Web Apps securely over a private link. This helps in keeping traffic on the Azure network, avoiding exposure to the public internet, and reducing latency as the services are in different geographic locations.
`By following these steps, you can ensure a secure and reliable connection between WebApp1 and VNet1, leveraging Azure’s networking capabilities.
`
`MNEMONIC 
`
`Imagine that WebApp1 is like a remote office located far from the main headquarters (VNet1). The main office is in East-US, and the remote office is in West-US. The goal is to establish a secure, direct line of communication between these two locations.
`
`Establishing the Infrastructure (Deploy a VPN gateway)
`First, to connect these two offices securely, you need to build a strong and secure infrastructure. This involves installing a VPN gateway at the headquarters (VNet1). The VPN gateway acts like a main door through which all traffic between the headquarters and the remote office will pass, ensuring that it is secure and private.
`Setting Up a Secure Connection (Configure a Point-to-Site (P2S) VPN)
`With the gateway in place, the next step is to set up a Point-to-Site (P2S) VPN. This is like creating a dedicated, secure phone line from each individual workstation at the remote office (WebApp1) directly to the headquarters. This setup ensures that employees at the remote office can securely access resources at the headquarters without interference from the outside world.
`Integrating the Network (Create a private endpoint)
`Finally, to make the integration seamless, you establish a private endpoint in the headquarters’ network (VNet1) specifically for the remote office (WebApp1). This private endpoint acts like a dedicated desk or office within the headquarters that handles all communications and services directly and privately with the remote office.

- [0] Modify the address space of Vnet1
- [1] Deploy a VPN gateway
- [2] Configure a Point-to-Site (P2S) VPN
- [ ] Create a service endpoint
- [ ] Add a private endpoint

#### 045::
`You have Azure virtual networks named Hub1 and Spoke1. Hub1 connects to an on-premises network by using a Site-to-Site VPN connection.
`You are implementing peering between Hub1 and Spoke1.
`You need to ensure that a virtual machine connected to Spoke1 can connect to the on-premises network through Hub1.
`How should you complete the PowerShell script? To answer, drag the appropriate values to the correct targets. Each value may be used once, more than once, or not at all. You may need to drag the split bar between panes or scroll to view content.
`
`-AllowForwardedTraffic
`-AllowGatewayTransit
`-UseRemoteGateways

- [x] 
`$hub= Get-AZVirtualNetwork -ResourceGroup "RG1" -Name "Hub1" 
`$spoke = Get-AZVirtualNetwork -ResourceGroup "RG2" -Name "Spoke1" 
`Add-AZVirtualNetworkPeering -Name "Hub1-Spokel" -VirtualNetwork $hub
`    -RemoteVirtual Network Id $spoke.id [AllowGatewayTransit]
`Add-AZVirtualNetwork Peering -Name "Spokel-Hubl" -VirtualNetwork $spoke
`    -RemoteVirtual Network Id $hub.id [UseRemoteGateways]

- [ ] 
`$hub= Get-AZVirtualNetwork -ResourceGroup "RG1" -Name "Hub1" 
`$spoke = Get-AZVirtualNetwork -ResourceGroup "RG2" -Name "Spoke1" 
`Add-AZVirtualNetworkPeering -Name "Hub1-Spokel" -VirtualNetwork $hub
`    -RemoteVirtual Network Id $spoke.id [AllowForwardedTraffic]
`Add-AZVirtualNetwork Peering -Name "Spokel-Hubl" -VirtualNetwork $spoke
`    -RemoteVirtual Network Id $hub.id [UseRemoteGateways]

- [ ] 
`$hub= Get-AZVirtualNetwork -ResourceGroup "RG1" -Name "Hub1" 
`$spoke = Get-AZVirtualNetwork -ResourceGroup "RG2" -Name "Spoke1" 
`Add-AZVirtualNetworkPeering -Name "Hub1-Spokel" -VirtualNetwork $hub
`    -RemoteVirtual Network Id $spoke.id [AllowForwardedTraffic]
`Add-AZVirtualNetwork Peering -Name "Spokel-Hubl" -VirtualNetwork $spoke
`    -RemoteVirtual Network Id $hub.id [AllowGatewayTransit]


- [ ] 
`$hub= Get-AZVirtualNetwork -ResourceGroup "RG1" -Name "Hub1" 
`$spoke = Get-AZVirtualNetwork -ResourceGroup "RG2" -Name "Spoke1" 
`Add-AZVirtualNetworkPeering -Name "Hub1-Spokel" -VirtualNetwork $hub
`    -RemoteVirtual Network Id $spoke.id [AllowGatewayTransit]
`Add-AZVirtualNetwork Peering -Name "Spokel-Hubl" -VirtualNetwork $spoke
`    -RemoteVirtual Network Id $hub.id [AllowForwardedTraffic]


- [ ] 
`$hub= Get-AZVirtualNetwork -ResourceGroup "RG1" -Name "Hub1" 
`$spoke = Get-AZVirtualNetwork -ResourceGroup "RG2" -Name "Spoke1" 
`Add-AZVirtualNetworkPeering -Name "Hub1-Spokel" -VirtualNetwork $hub
`    -RemoteVirtual Network Id $spoke.id [UseRemoteGateways]
`Add-AZVirtualNetwork Peering -Name "Spokel-Hubl" -VirtualNetwork $spoke
`    -RemoteVirtual Network Id $hub.id [AllowGatewayTransit]

#### 046::
`You have three on-premises sites. Each site has a third-party VPN device.
`You have an Azure virtual WAN named VWAN1 that has a hub named Hub1. Hub1 connects two of the three on-premises sites by using a Site-to-Site VPN connection.
`You need to connect the third site to the other two sites by using Hub1.
`Which four actions should you perform in sequence? To answer, move the appropriate actions from the list of actions to the answer area and arrange them in the correct order.
`Select and Place:
`::
`In Hub1, Create a VPN Site:
`
`First, you need to define a new VPN site in Azure Virtual WAN for the third on-premises location. This involves specifying details about the third site such as its geographical location, IP address of the VPN device, and other pertinent settings. This step essentially registers the third site in Azure Virtual WAN.
`In Hub1, Create a Connection to the VPN Site:
`
`After the VPN site is defined, create a connection from Hub1 to this new VPN site. 
`This connection uses the details provided in the previous step to establish a link between the Azure hub and the on-premises VPN device.
`Download the VPN Configuration File from VWAN1:
`
`Once the connection is created, download the VPN configuration file from Azure Virtual WAN. This file contains the necessary configuration details such as IPsec/IKE policies, pre-shared keys, and other necessary parameters that will be used to configure the third-party VPN device.
`Configure the VPN Device:
`
`The final step involves configuring the on-premises VPN device using the VPN configuration file downloaded from Azure. This setup will align the device's settings with Azure's requirements, ensuring a secure and stable VPN tunnel between the third site and Hub1.
`
`::
`MNEMONIC
`
`hub = electrical socket that provides the connection point and the necessary infrastructure for various devices (or network sites) to plug into. This socket is centralized and facilitates connectivity, power, and communication among the devices plugged into it.
`
`The VPN device, = an electrical plug. It's what you use to connect an appliance (or a network site) to the socket (the hub). The plug ensures that the connection is secure, stable, and fits correctly to enable the flow of electricity (or data) safely and efficiently.
`
`VPN site = s the cable that connects the electrical bulb (the on-premises network site) to the plug (the VPN device), which then connects to the socket (the hub in Azure).

- [0] In a Hub1, create a VPN site
- [1] In a Hub1, create a connection to the VPN site
- [2] Download the VPN configuration file from VWAN1
- [3] Configure the VPN device
- [ ] In a Hub1, create a VPN gateway

#### 047::
`You are planning an Azure solution that will contain the following types of resources in a single Azure region:
`✑ Virtual machine
`✑ Azure App Service
`✑ Virtual Network gateway
`✑ Azure SQL Managed Instance
`App Service and SQL Managed Instance will be delegated to create resources in virtual networks.
`You need to identify how many virtual networks and subnets are required for the solution. The solution must minimize costs to transfer data between virtual networks.
`What should you identify? 
`::
`Answer should be 1 VNET and 4 subnet:
`
`1 for VPN Gateway
`1 for SQL managed instance
`1 for App service/WebApp
`VM is bound to have a separate subnet

- [x] Virtual Networks: 1
- [ ] Virtual Networks: 2
- [ ] Virtual Networks: 3
- [ ] Virtual Networks: 4
- [ ] Subnets: 1
- [ ] Subnets: 2
- [ ] Subnets: 3
- [x] Subnets: 4

#### 048::
`You have two Azure virtual networks named Vnet1 and Vnet2.
`You have a Windows 10 device named Client1 that connects to Vnet1 by using a Point-to-Site (P2S) IKEv2 VPN.
`You implement virtual network peering between Vnet1 and Vnet2. Vnet1 allows gateway transit. Vnet2 can use the remote gateway.
`You discover that Client1 cannot communicate with Vnet2.
`You need to ensure that Client1 can communicate with Vnet2.
`Solution: You download and reinstall the VPN client configuration.
`Does this meet the goal?

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No

#### 049::
`You have an Azure virtual network named Vnet1 that hosts an Azure firewall named FW1 and 150 virtual machines. Vnet1 is linked to a private DNS zone named contoso.com. All the virtual machines have their name registered in the contoso.com zone.
`Vnet1 connects to an on-premises datacenter by using ExpressRoute.
`You need to ensure that on-premises DNS servers can resolve the names in the contoso.com zone.
`Which two actions should you perform?

- [ ] Modify the DNS server settings of Vnet1.
- [ ] For FW1, configure custom DNS server.
- [x] For FW1, enable DNS proxy.
- [x] On the on-premises DNS servers, configure forwarders that point to the frontend IP address of FW1.
- [ ] On the on-premises DNS servers, configure forwarders that point to the Azure provided DNS service at 168.63.129.16.


#### 050;koniecPliku2::
`You are planning the IP addressing for the subnets in Azure virtual networks.
`Which type of resource requires IP addresses in the subnets?

- [x] internal load balancers
- [ ] storage account
- [ ] Azure Virtual Networks NAT
- [ ] service endpoint policies

#### 051::
`You have an Azure subscription.
`You have the on-premises sites shown the following table.
`
`
`| Name-----| Number-of-users | Connection-type-to-Azure----|
`|----------|-----------------|-----------------------------|
`| Site-1---| 500-------------| ExpressRoute----------------|
`| Site-2---| 100-------------| Site-to-Site-VPN------------|
`| Site-3---| 1---------------| Point-to-Site-(P2S)-VPN-----|
`
`
`You plan to deploy Azure Virtual WAN.
`You are evaluating Virtual WAN Basic and Virtual WAN Standard.
`Which type of Virtual WAN can you use for each site?
`::
`Virtual WAN is like a train station? 

- [x] Virtual WAN Basic: Site2 only
- [ ] Virtual WAN Basic: Site3 only
- [ ] Virtual WAN Basic: Site2 and Site3 only
- [ ] Virtual WAN Basic: Site1, Site2, and Site3
- [ ] Virtual WAN Standard: Site1 only
- [ ] Virtual WAN Standard: Site1 and Site3 only 
- [ ] Virtual WAN Standard: Site2 and Site3 only
- [x] Virtual WAN Standard: Site1, Site2, and Site3


#### 052::
`Fabrikam, Inc. is leveraging Azure services to host two critical applications across different geographic regions. The applications are served from two Azure Virtual Networks (VNets) as detailed below. Additionally, DNS records are managed through Azure DNS for the domain 'fabrikam.com'. The company has implemented specific network configurations and DNS settings to control access and routing within their Azure environment.
`
`### Virtual Network Configuration:
`
`| VNet Name | Region  | Subnet Name | Subnet Range | Deployed Services             |
`|-----------|---------|-------------|--------------|-------------------------------|
`| VNet1     | UK West | Subnet1-1   | 10.1.1.0/24  | www.fabrikam.com application  |
`| VNet2     | East US | Subnet2-1   | 10.2.1.0/25  | server1.fabrikam.com application |
`
`### DNS Records in Azure DNS for 'fabrikam.com':
`
`| Record Type | Host Name | Value       |
`|-------------|-----------|-------------|
`| A           | www       | 131.107.1.1 |
`| A           | server1   | None        |
`| CNAME       | admin     | server1     |
`
`### Network Security Group (NSG) Rules Applied to Subnet2-1:
`
`| Rule Name      | Direction | Priority | Access | Source    | Destination | Port |
`|----------------|-----------|----------|--------|-----------|-------------|------|
`| Block_Internet | Inbound   | 100      | Deny   | Internet  | 10.2.1.0/25 | *    |
`
`Given these configurations, assess the following statements and determine their validity:

- [x] Queries for www.fabrikam.com from the internet are resolved to 131.107.1.1. : Yes
- [ ] Queries for www.fabrikam.com from the internet are resolved to 131.107.1.1. : No
- [ ] Queries for server1.fabrikam.com can be resolved from the internet. : Yes
- [x] Queries for server1.fabrikam.com can be resolved from the internet. : No
- [ ] Queries for www.fabrikam.com from Vnet2 are resolved to 131. 107.100. 10. : Yes 
- [x] Queries for www.fabrikam.com from Vnet2 are resolved to 131. 107.100. 10. : No

#### 053::
`You have two Azure virtual networks named VNet1 and VNet2 in an Azure region that has three availability zones.
`You deploy 12 virtual machines to each virtual network, deploying four virtual machines per zone. The virtual machines in VNet1 host an app named App1. The virtual machines in VNet2 host an app named App2.
`You plan to use Azure Virtual Network NAT to implement outbound connectivity for App1 and App2.
`You need to identify the minimum number of subnets and Virtual Network NAT instances required to meet the following requirements:
`✑ A failure of two zones must NOT affect the availability of either App1 or App2.
`✑ A failure of two zones must NOT affect the outbound connectivity of either App1 or App2.
`What should you identify?

- [ ] Minimum number of subnets: 1
- [x] Minimum number of subnets: 2
- [ ] Minimum number of subnets: 6
- [ ] Minimum number of subnets: 12
- [ ] Minimum number of Virtual Network NAT instances: 1
- [x] Minimum number of Virtual Network NAT instances: 2
- [ ] Minimum number of Virtual Network NAT instances: 6
- [ ] Minimum number of Virtual Network NAT instances: 12

#### 054::
`You have the Azure resources shown in the following table.
`
`
`| Name------------------| Type----------------------| Location-|
`|-----------------------|---------------------------|----------|
`| Vnet1-----------------| Virtual-network-----------| East-US--|
`| Vnet1\Subnet1---------| Subnet--------------------| East-US--|
`| Vnet1\GatewaySubnet---| Subnet--------------------| East-US--|
`| Vnet2-----------------| Virtual-network-----------| West-US--|
`| Vnet2\Subnet1---------| Subnet--------------------| West-US--|
`| Vnet2\GatewaySubnet---| Subnet--------------------| West-US--|
`| WebApp1---------------| Azure-App-Service-web-app | East-US--|
`
`
`WebApp1 uses the Standard pricing tier.
`You need to ensure that WebApp1 can access the virtual machines deployed to Vnet1\Subnet1 and Vnet2\Subnet1. The solution must minimize costs.
`What should you create in each virtual network? 
`::
`Answer is correct. You need to create for VNET1 a subnet, because you can do Regional VNET integration since the web app and the VNET1 are in the same region. VNET2 is in a different region so you would need a VPN gate and a P2S ( consider that in VNET2 you already have a GatewaySubnet which doesn't necesarily mean you have a VPN gate created, it just means you created a subnet called GatewaySubnet ).

- [x] Vnet1: An additional subnet 
- [ ] Vnet1: A peering connection 
- [ ] Vnet1: A private endpoint 
- [ ] Vnet1: A VPN gateway
- [ ] Vnet2: An additional subnet 
- [ ] Vnet2: A peering connection 
- [ ] Vnet2: A private endpoint 
- [x] Vnet2: A VPN gateway
