##   9°.0405.1258

#### 001::
`You have the Azure resources shown in the following table.
`
`
`Name ------ Type ------------- Location -- Description
`storage1 -- Storage account -- East US --- Read-access geo-redundant storage (RA-GRS)
`Vnet1 ----- Virtual network -- East US --- Contains one subnet
`
`You configure storage1 to provide access to the subnet in Vnet1 by using a service endpoint.
`You need to ensure that you can use the service endpoint to connect to the read-only endpoint of storage1 in the paired Azure region.
`What should you do first?

- [ ] Fail over storage1 to the paired Azure region.
- [ ] Configure the firewall settings for storage1.
- [x] Create a virtual network in the paired Azure region.
- [ ] Create another service endpoint.



 

#### 002::
`You have the Azure App Service app shown in the App Service exhibit.
`
`The VNet Integration settings for as12 are configured as shown in the Vnet Integration exhibit.
`
`
`as12
`
`
`Resource group (change)
`    RG1
`Status
`    Stopped
`Location
`    North Europe
`Subscription (change) Subscription1
`Subscription ID 846f6nnt-nt8e-794i-k478-649ws1576487
`URL
`    https://as12.azurewebsites.net
`Health Check 
`    Configured
`App Service Plan ASP1 (P1v2:1)
`FTP/deployment user set
`    No FTP/deployment user set
`FTP hostname
`    ftp://waws-prod-db3-167.azurewebsites.windows.net/site/wwwroot
`
`FTPS hostname
`    ftps://waws-prod-db3-167.azurewebsites.windows.net/site/wwwroot
`
`The Private Endpoint connections settings for as12 are configured as shown in the Private Endpoint connections exhibit.
`
`
`<...>VNet Integration
`    as12
`
`LOCATION
`    North Europe
`VNet Address Space
`    Start Address
`        10.100.0.0
`    End Address
`        10.100.255.255
`Subnet Details
`    Subnet NAME
`        Subnet1
`Subnet Address Space
`    Start Address
`        10.100.2.0
`    End Address
`        10.100.2.255
`
`
`
`
`<!>
`Private Endpoint connections
`
`
`Connection name ↑ -- Connection state ↑↓ -- Private endpoint ↑↓ -- Description
`
`    No results.
`
`For each of the following statements, select Yes if the statement is true. Otherwise, select No.
`NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one point.
`Hot Area:
`
`You have an Azure virtual network named Vnet1 that connects to an on-premises network.
`You have an Azure Storage account named storageaccount1 that contains blob storage.
`You need to configure a private endpoint for the blob storage. The solution must meet the following requirements:
`✑ Ensure that all on-premises users can access storageaccount1 through the private endpoint.
`✑ Prevent access to storageaccount1 from being interrupted.
`Which four actions should you perform in sequence? To answer, move the appropriate actions from the 
`
`list of actions to the answer area and arrange them in the correct order.




- [x] Subnet2 can contain only App Service apps in the ASP1 App Service plan : Yes
- [ ] Subnet2 can contain only App Service apps in the ASP1 App Service plan : no
- [x] As12 will use an IP address from Subnet2 for network communications : Yes
- [ ] As12 will use an IP address from Subnet2 for network communications : nO
- [ ] Computers in Vnet1 will connect to a private IP address when they connect to as12 : Yes
- [x] Computers in Vnet1 will connect to a private IP address when they connect to as12 : nO


#### 003::
`DRAG DROP -
`You have an Azure virtual network named Vnet1 that connects to an on-premises network.
`You have an Azure Storage account named storageaccount1 that contains blob storage.
`You need to configure a private endpoint for the blob storage. The solution must meet the following requirements:
✑ Ensure that all on-premises users can access storageaccount1 `through the private endpoint.
`✑ Prevent access to storageaccount1 from being interrupted.
`Which four actions should you perform in sequence? To answer, move the appropriate actions from the list of actions to the answer area and arrange them in the correct order.
`Select and Place:


- [0] Deploy a virtual machine to a subnet in Vnet1
- [1] Install the DNS server role and configure the forwarding of blob.core.windows.net to 168.63.129.16
- [2] Configure on-premises DNS servers to forward blob.core.windows.net to the virtual machine
- [3] Configure a private endpoint on storageaccount1 and disable public access to the account 
- [ ] Configure on-premises DNS server to forward blob.core.windows.net to 168.63.129.16



#### 004::
`You have an Azure virtual network named Vnet1 that has one subnet. Vnet1 is in the West Europe region.
`You deploy an Azure App Service app named App1 to the West Europe region.
`You need to provide App1 with access to the resources in Vnet1. The solution must minimize costs.
`What should you do first? ::

- [ ] Create a private link.
- [ ] Create a new subnet.
- [ ] Create a NAT gateway.
- [x] Create a gateway subnet and deploy a virtual network gateway.

#### 005::
`You have an Azure subscription that is linked to an Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) tenant named contoso.onmicrosoft.com. The subscription contains the following resources:
`✑ An Azure App Service app named App1
`✑ An Azure DNS zone named contoso.com
`✑ An Azure private DNS zone named private.contoso.com
`✑ A virtual network named Vnet1
`You create a private endpoint for App1. The record for the endpoint is registered automatically in Azure DNS.
`You need to provide a developer with the name that is registered in Azure DNS for the private endpoint.
`What should you provide? ::

- [ ] app1.contoso.onmicrosoft.com
- [x] app1.private.contoso.com
- [ ] app1.privatelink.azurewebsites.net
- [ ] app1.contoso.com



#### 007::
`You have Azure App Service apps in the West US Azure region as shown in the following table.
`
`
`Name -- App Service Plan-- Number of instances
`App1 -- ASP1 ------------- 3
`App2 -- ASP1 ------------- 3
`App3 -- ASP2 ------------- 2
`App4 -- ASP3 ------------- 1
`
`You need to ensure that all the apps can access the resources in a virtual network named VNet1 without forwarding traffic through the internet.
`How many integration subnets should you create?
- [ ] 0
- [ ] 1
- [x] 3
- [ ] 4
- [ ] 6


#### 007::
`HOTSPOT -
`You have the Azure environment shown in the Azure Environment exhibit.
`
`Public IP:---------------------------
`132.124.100.23-----------------------
`Vnet1--------------------------------
`--<...>--------------------------------
`||----|----Subnet1--------------------
`||----|----|----VM1-------------------
`||----|----Subnet2--------------------
`||----|----|----VM2-------------------
`||----|-------------------------------
`||------------------------------------
`||------------------------------------
`||------------------------------------
`Public IP:---------------------------
`132.124.50.23------------------------
`
`
`
`
`Public IP:---------------------------
`132.124.53.76------------------------
`Vnet2--------------------------------
`--<...>--------------------------------
`--------------------------------------
`|----|----Subnet1--------------------
`|----|----|----VM3-------------------
`--------------------------------------
`
`The settings for each subnet are shown in the following table.
`
`
`Subnet --------- Service endpoint
`Vnet1/Subnet1 -- Storage
`Vnet1/Subnet2 -- Storage
`Vnet2/Subnet1 -- None
`
`The Firewalls and virtual networks settings for storage1 are configured as shown in the
`Storage1 exhibit.
`
`
`storage1 | Networking
`    Storage account
`
`Firewalls and virtual networks Private endpoint connections Custom domain
`
`
`Allow access from
`
`    Selected networks
`
`
`Virtual Network
`    VVNet1
`Subnet
`    Subnet1
`Address range
`    172.20.0.0/24
`Endpoint Status
`    ✓ Enabled
`
`Firewall 
`
`    Address range
`    132.100.53.0/25
`    132.124.53.0/26
`
`For each of the following statements, select Yes if the statement is true. Otherwise, select 
`No.
`NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one point.
`Hot Area:
`::
`For question 2 Subnet2 has a service endpoint but is not present in the Firewall settings so 
`would be denied.
`
`IP network rules have no effect on requests originating from the same Azure region as the 
`storage account. Use Virtual network rules to allow same-region requests.
`https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/common/storage-network-security?tabs=azure-portal#grant-access-from-an-internet-ip-range
`
`The service endpoint routes traffic from the VNet through an optimal path to the Azure 
`Storage service. Administrators can then configure network rules for the storage account that allow requests to be received from specific subnets in a VNet.
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/common/storage-network-security?`tabs=azure-portal#grant-access-from-a-virtual-network
`
`If you look at the storage1 networking image, there are separate sections for IP addresses and virtual networks. The section with IP addresses is the "IP Network rules" section, but since it's also using the "Virtual Network" section then you can only access storage1 using service endpoints that are explicitly listed.

- [x] VM1 can access storage1. : Yes
- [ ] VM1 can access storage1. : No
- [ ] VM2 can access storage1 by using a service endpoint. : Yes
- [x] VM2 can access storage1 by using a service endpoint. : No
- [ ] VM3 can access storage1 by using the public IP address. : Yes
- [x] VM3 can access storage1 by using the public IP address. : No




#### 006.08::
`DRAG DROP -
`You have two Azure subscriptions named Subscription1 and Subscription2. Subscription1 contains a virtual network named Vnet1. Vnet1 contains an application server. Subscription2 contains a virtual network named Vnet2.
`You need to provide the virtual machines in Vnet2 with access to the application server in Vnet1 by using a private endpoint.
`Which four actions should you perform in sequence? To answer, move the appropriate actions from the list of actions to the answer area and arrange them in the correct order.
`Select and Place:


- [0] Deploy an Azure Standard Load Balancer in front of the application server.
- [1] In Subscription 1, create a private link service and attach the service to the frontend IP configuration of the load balancer.
- [2] In Subscription 2, create a private endpoint by using the private link service.
- [3] In Subscription 1, accept the private endpoint connection request.
- [ ] Enable virtual network peering between Vnet1 and Vnet2.



#### 006::
`You have an Azure subscription that is linked to an Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) tenant named contoso.onmicrosoft.com. The subscription contains the following resources:
`✑ A virtual network named Vnet1
`✑ An App Service plan named ASP1
`✑ An Azure App Service named webapp1
`✑ An Azure private DNS zone named private.contoso.com
`✑ Virtual machines on Vnet1 that cannot communicate outside the virtual network
`You need to ensure that the virtual machines on Vnet1 can access webapp1 by using a URL of https://www.private.contoso.com.
`Which two actions should you perform? Each correct answer presents part of the solution. NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one point. ::

- [ ] Create a CNAME record that maps www.private.contoso.com to webapp1.contoso.onmicrosoft.com.
- [ ] Create a CNAME record that maps www.private.contoso.com to webapp1.private.contoso.com.
- [ ] Create a service endpoint for webapp1.
- [ ] Register an enterprise application in Azure AD for webapp1.
- [x] Create a private endpoint for webapp1.
- [x] Create a CNAME record that maps www.private.contoso.com to webapp1.privatelink.azurewebsites.net.

#### 007::
`You have an Azure Front Door instance named FD1 that is protected by using Azure Web Application Firewall (WAF).
`FD1 uses a frontend hast named app1.contoso.com to provide access to Azure web apps hosted in the East US Azure region and the West US Azure region.
`You need to configure FD1 to block requests to app1.contoso.com from all countries other than the United States.
`What should you include in the WAF policy? ::

- [x] a custom rule that uses a match rule
- [ ] a frontend hast association
- [ ] a custom rule that uses a rate limit rule
- [ ] a managed rule set

#### 008::
`You are planning the IP addressing for the subnets in Azure virtual networks.
`Which type of resource requires IP addresses in the subnets? ::

- [ ] Azure DDoS Protection for virtual networks
- [x] private endpoints
- [ ] Azure Virtual Network NAT
- [ ] service endpoint policies



#### 008.12::
`You have an Azure subscription that contains the resources shown in the following table.
`
`
`Name ---- Туре ------------------------------- Description
`VNet1 --- Virtual network -------------------- Contains two subnets named Subnet1 and Subnet2
`VM1 ----- Virtual machine -------------------- Connected to Subnet1
`azsql1 -- Azure SQL Database logical server -- Has a private endpoint on Subnet2
`
`You need to ensure that the apps hosted on VM1 can resolve the IP address of the private
`endpoint for azsql1.database.windows.net.
`
`What should you create first?

- [ ] a public DNS zone named database.windows.net
- [ ] a private DNS zone named database.windows.net
- [ ] a public DNS zone named privatelink.database.windows.net
- [x] a private DNS zone named privatelink.database.windows.net


#### 008.13::
`You have an Azure subscription that contains the resources shown in the following table.
`
`
`Name ------ Туре ------------- Description
`VNet1 ----- Virtual network -- Contains a subnet named Subnet1
`storage1 -- Storage account -- None
`VM1 ------- Virtual machine -- Linked to Subnet1
`VM2 ------- Virtual machine -- Linked to Subnet1
`
`You need to ensure that VM1 and VM2 can connect only to storage1. The solution must meet the following requirements:
`
`• Prevent VM1 and VM2 from accessing any other storage accounts
`• Ensure that storage1 is accessible from the internet.
`
`What should you use?

- [ ] a network security group (NSG)
- [x] a service endpoint policy
- [ ] a private link
- [ ] a private endpoint











#### 008.1142::
`HOTSPOT
`-
`
`You have two Azure subscriptions named Subscription1 and Subscription2.
`
`There are no connections between the virtual networks in the two subscriptions.
`
`You configure a private link service as shown in the privatelinkservice1 exhibit. (Click the privatelinkservice1 tab.)
`
`
`privatelinkservice1 ✩
`    Private link service
`
`    Resource group (move): rg1
`
`    Status
`        : Succeeded
`    Location
`        : East US 2
`    Subscription (move)
`        : subscription1
`    Subscription ID Tags (edit)
`        : c40e35e3-7605-4f12-ba4c-90d200425073
`
`    Alias
`        : privatelinkservice 1.955063e0-3b92-468a-a054-22c729f62297.eastus2.azure
`privatelinkservice 
`    NAT subnet: 
`        vnet2/subnet1
`    NAT IPS 
`        : 10.3.0.7
`    Load balancer: 
`        Ib1
`    Visibility
`        : All
`
`You create a load balancer name in Subscription1 and configure the backend pool shown in the
`lb1 exhibit. (Click the lb1 tab.)
`
`
`
`Ib1
`    Load balancer
`
`
`    Resource group (move): 191
`    Location
`        : East US 2
`    Subscription (move)
`        : subscription1
`    Subscription ID
`        :c40e35e3-7605-4f12-ba4c-90d200425073
`    SKU
`        : Standard
`    Backend pool
`        : backendpool1 (1 virtual machine) 
`    Load balancing rule: 
`        rule1 (Tcp/80)
`
`    Health probe
`        : probe1 (Http:80)
`    NAT rules
`        : 0 inbound
`    Tier
`        : Regional
`    Private IP address: 
`        10.3.0.6
`
`
`You create a private endpoint in Subscription2 as shown in the privateendpoint4 exhibit. 
`(Click the privateendpoint4 tab.)
`
`
`
`Private Link Center | Private endpoints
`
`Name ↑
`    <> privateendpoint4
`Private IP ↑↓
`    10.5.0.7
`Resource ↑↓
`    privatelinkservice1.955063e0-3b92-468a-a054-22c729f62297.eastus2.azure.privatelinksservice
`Subnet ↑↓
`    vnet5/subnet1
`Connection State ↑↓
`    Pending
`
`For each of the following statements, select Yes if the statement is true. Otherwise, select
`No.
`
`NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one point.



- [x] The resources that will be accessed by using privatelinkservice1 must be added to backendpool1 on LB1. : Yes
- [ ] The resources that will be accessed by using privatelinkservice1 must be added to backendpool1 on LB1. : No
- [ ] Users in Subscription2 can connect to the resources published by private linkservice1 by using IP address 10.3.0.7. : Yes
- [x] Users in Subscription2 can connect to the resources published by private linkservice1 by using IP address 10.3.0.7. : No
- [x] The private endpoint must be approved by an administrator in Subscription1. : Yes
- [ ] The private endpoint must be approved by an administrator in Subscription1. : No









#### 009::
`You have an Azure subscription that contains an Azure Front Door named FD1.
`You plan to deploy an app named App1 by using Azure App Service. Users will access App1 by using FD1.
`You need to provide FD1 with access to App1. The solution must meet the following requirements:
`• Ensure that users can only access App1 by using FD1.
`• Ensure that users cannot access App1 directly from the internet.
`What should you create for App1? ::

- [x] an access restriction
- [ ] a private endpoint
- [ ] a subnet delegation
- [ ] a service endpoint


#### 0020.0405.1130::
`HOTSPOT
`-
`
`You have an Azure subscription that contains the resources shown in the following table.
`
`
`Name --------- Туре --------------- Description
`appservicel -- Azure App Service -- Hosts an app named App1
`contoso.com -- Azure DNS zone ----- Resolves name requests from the internet
`FD1 ---------- Azure Front Door --- Standard profile with Appl configured as the origin
`KeyVault1 ---- Azure Key Vault ---- Key vault with Permission model set to Vault access policy
`KeyVault2 ---- Azure Key Vault ---- Key vault with Permission model set to Azure role-based ------------------------------------ccess control
`
`You purchase a certificate for app1.contoso.com from a public certification authority (CA) and install the certificate on appservice1.
`
`You need to ensure that App1 can be accessed by using a URL of https://app1.contoso.com. The solution must ensure that all the traffic for App1 is routed via FD1.
`
`Which type of DNS record should you create, and where should you store the certificate? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.
`
`NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one point.

- [ ] DNS record type: A
- [x] DNS record type: CNAME
- [ ] DNS record type: SRV
- [ ] DNS record type: TXT

- [ ] Store the certificate in: FD1
- [x] Store the certificate in: KeyVault1
- [ ] Store the certificate in: KeyVault2


#### 0020.2017::
`You have an Azure subscription that contains four virtual machines. The virtual machines host an app named App1.
`You deploy an Azure Standard Load Balancer named LB1 to load balance incoming HTTPS requests to App1.
`You need to reduce how long it takes for LB1 to stop sending App1 traffic to failed servers. The solution must minimize administrative effort.
`What should you modify? ::

- [ ] the Backend pools settings
- [ ] the Diagnostic settings
- [ ] the Load-balancing rules
- [x] the Health probes settings


#### 001::
`You have an Azure subscription that contains a virtual network named VNet1. VNet1 contains the following subnets:
`• AzureFirewallSubnet
`• GatewaySubnet
`• Subnet1
`• Subnet2
`• Subnet3
`Subnet2 has a delegation to the Microsoft.Web/serverfarms service.
`The subscription contains the resources shown in the following table.
`
`Name ----- Type ----------------------- Connected to
`AZVNGW1 -- Azure VPN Gateway  --------- GatewaySubnet
`AZFW1 ---- Azure Firewall Premium ----- AzureFirewallSubnet
`VMSS1 ---- Virtual machine scale set -- Subnet1
`
`You need to implement an Azure application gateway named AG1 that will be integrated with an Azure Web Application Firewall (WAF). AG1 will be used to publish VMSS1.
`To which subnet should you connect AG1? ::

- [ ] GatewaySubnet
- [ ] AzureFirewallSubnet
- [ ] Subnet2
- [ ] Subnet1
- [x] Subnet3



#### 003::
`You have an Azure virtual network named VNet1 that contains the subnets shown in the following table.

Name -- Is a gateway subnet -- Description
Subnet1 -------- No ---------- Has connected virtual machines 
Subnet2 -------- No ---------- Has no connected resources
GatewaySubnet -- Yes --------- None

`You need to deploy an Azure application gateway named AppGW1 to VNet1.
`To where can you deploy AppGW1?
`::
`Subnet2 is the only one that doesn't have any resources and it is not a gateway subnet.

- [ ] GatewaySubnet only
- [x] Subnet2 only
- [ ] Subnet1 or Subnet2 only
- [ ] Subnet2 or GatewaySubnet only
- [ ] Subnet1, Subnet2, and GatewaySubnet


#### 002::
`You have an Azure subscription that contains multiple virtual machine scale sets and multiple Azure load balancers. The load balancers balance traffic across the scale sets.
`You plan to deploy Azure Front Door to load balance traffic across the load balancers.
`You need to identify which Front Door SKU to configure, and what to use to route the traffic to the load balancers. The solution must minimize costs.
`What should you identify? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.
`NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one point.

- [ ] SKU: Classic
- [x] SKU: Premium
- [ ] SKU: Standard
- [x] Use: Azure Private Link 
- [ ] Use: Azure Route Server 
- [ ] Use: A service endpoint



#### 005::
`You have an Azure subscription that contains the following resources:
`
`• A virtual network named Vnet1
`• Two subnets named subnet1 and AzureFirewallSubnet
`• A public Azure Firewall named FW1
`• A route table named RT1 that is associated to Subnet1
`• A rule routing of 0.0.0.0/0 to FW1 in RT1
`
`After deploying 10 servers that run Windows Server to Subnet1, you discover that none of the virtual machines were activated.
`
`You need to ensure that the virtual machines can be activated.
``What should you do?

- [ ] Deploy a NAT gateway.
- [ ] Deploy an Azure Standard Load Balancer that has an outbound NAT rule.
- [x] On FW1, create an outbound network rule that allows traffic to the Azure Key Management Service (KMS).
- [ ] To Subnet1, associate a network security group (NSG) that allows outbound access to port 1688.





#### 004::
`DRAG DROP
`You have an Azure subscription that contains the resources shown in the following table.
`
`Name --------- Туре ------------------------------- Description
`App1 --------- Azure App Service app -------------- Accessed by using a URL of https://app1.contoso.com/
`FD1 ---------- Azure Front Door Premium profile --- Configured as an endpoint for App1 
`contoso.com -- Azure DNS zone --------------------- Contains a DNS CNAME record for App1 
`----------------------------------------------------that resolves to an FQDN of app1.azurewebsites.net
`
`You discover that users connect directly to App1.
`
`You need to meet the following requirements:
`
`• Administrators must only access App1 by using a private endpoint.
`• All user connections to App1 must be routed through FD1.
`• The downtime of connections to App1 must be minimized.
``Which three actions should you perform in sequence? To answer, move the appropriate actions from the list of actions to the answer area and arrange them in the correct order.


- [0] In the settings of App1, create a private endpoint.
- [1] In the settings of App1, approve a pending private endpoint connection.
- [2] Change the DNS record of app1.contoso.com to resolve to the FQDN of FD1.
- [ ] For fd1.contoso.com, create a DNS A record that resolves to the IP address of the private endpoint.
- [ ] In the settings of FD1, configure the origin group to enable the Azure Private Link service.
- [ ] For app1.contoso.com, create a DNS A record that resolves to the IP address of the private endpoint.




#### 003::
`Your on-premises network contains a DNS server named Server1.
`You have an Azure subscription that contains the resources shown in the following table.
`
`Name ------ Туре ------------- Description
`VNet1 ----- Virtual network -- None
`VM1 ------- Virtual machine -- Connected to VNet1
`-------------------------------Connected to storage1 by using a
`-------------------------------private endpoint
`storage1 -- Storage account -- None
`
`The on-premises network is connected to VNet1 by using a Site-to-Site (S2S) VPN.
`You need to ensure that Server1 can resolve the DNS name of storage1. The solution must minimize costs and administrative effort.
`What should you use?

- [x] Azure DNS Private Resolver
- [ ] an Azure public DNS zone
- [ ] an Azure Private DNS zone
- [ ] an Azure virtual machine that hosts a DNS service



#### 002::
`You have an Azure Private Link service named PL1 that uses an Azure load balancer named LB1.
`You need to ensure that PL1 can support a higher volume of outbound traffic.
`What should you do?

- [ ] Increase the number of frontend IP configurations for LB1.
- [x] Increase the number of NAT IP addresses assigned to PL1.
- [ ] Deploy an Azure Application Gateway v2 instance to the source NAT subnet.
- [ ] Redeploy LB1 with a different SKU.
