##   p7_v2_2-3

#### Q279. ::
`A company stores configuration files in an Amazon S3 bucket. These configuration files must be accessed by applications that are running on Amazon EC2 instances.
`According to AWS security best practices, how should the company grant permissions to allow the applications for access the S3 bucket?

- [ ] Use the AWS account root user access keys.
- [ ] Use the AWS access key ID and the EC2 secret access key.
- [x] Use an IAM role with the necessary permissions.
- [ ] Activate multi-factor authentication (MFA) and versioning on the S3 bucket.

#### Q280. ::
`A company needs an AWS service that will continuously monitor the company's AWS account for suspicious activity. The service must have the ability to initiate automated actions against threats that are identified in the security findings.
`Which service will meet these requirements?

- [ ] AWS Trusted Advisor
- [ ] Amazon Detective
- [ ] Amazon Inspector
- [x] Amazon GuardDuty

#### Q281. ::
`A company wants to analyze streaming user data and respond to customer queries in real time.
`Which AWS service can meet these requirements?

- [ ] Amazon QuickSight
- [ ] Amazon Redshift
- [x] Amazon Kinesis Data Analytics
- [ ] AWS Data Pipeline

#### Q282. ::
`Who can create and manage access keys for an AWS account root user?

- [x] The AWS account owner
- [ ] An IAM user that has administrator permissions
- [ ] IAM users within a designated group
- [ ] An IAM user that has the required role

#### Q283. ::
`Which AWS service can help a company detect an outage of its website servers and redirect users to alternate servers?

- [ ] Amazon CloudFront
- [ ] Amazon GuardDuty
- [x] Amazon Route 53
- [ ] AWS Trusted Advisor

#### Q284. ::
`A web application is hosted on AWS using an Elastic Load Balancer, multiple Amazon EC2 instances, and Amazon RDS.
`Which security measures fall under the responsibility of AWS? (Choose two.)

- [ ] Running a virus scan on EC2 instances
- [x] Protecting against IP spoofing and packet sniffing
- [x] Installing the latest security patches on the RDS instance
- [ ] Encrypting communication between the EC2 instances and the Elastic Load Balancer
- [ ] Configuring a security group and a network access control list (NACL) for EC2 instances

#### Q285. ::
`Which of the following is an AWS Well-Architected Framework design principle for operational excellence in the AWS Cloud?

- [ ] Go global in minutes.
- [x] Make frequent, small, reversible changes.
- [ ] Implement a strong foundation of identity and access management.
- [ ] Stop spending money on hardware infrastructure for data center operations.

#### Q286. ::
`Which AWS service provides intelligent recommendations to improve code quality and identify an application's most expensive lines of code?

- [x] Amazon CodeGuru
- [ ] AWS CodeStar
- [ ] AWS CodeCommit
- [ ] AWS CodeDeploy


#### Q287. ::
`A company wants to expand from one AWS Region into a second AWS Region.
`What does the company need to do to expand into the second Region?

- [ ] Contact an AWS account manager to sign a new contract.
- [ ] Move an Availability Zone to the second Region.
- [x] Begin to deploy resources in the second Region.
- [ ] Download the AWS Management Console for the second Region.

#### Q288. ::
`Which AWS service provides storage that can be mounted across multiple Amazon EC2 instances?

- [ ] Amazon WorkSpaces
- [x] Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)
- [ ] AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS)
- [ ] AWS Snowball Edge

#### Q289. ::
`A company needs to deploy applications in the AWS Cloud as quickly as possible. The company also needs to minimize the complexity that is related to the management of AWS resources.
`Which AWS service should the company use to meet these requirements?

- [ ] AWS Config
- [x] AWS Elastic Beanstalk
- [ ] Amazon EC2
- [ ] Amazon Personalize

#### Q290. ::
`A company has a set of databases that are stored on premises. The company wants to bring its existing Microsoft SQL Server licenses when the company moves the databases to run on Amazon EC2 instances.
`Which EC2 instance purchasing option should the company use to meet these requirements?

- [ ] Dedicated Instances
- [ ] Reserved Instances
- [x] Dedicated Hosts
- [ ] Spot Instances

#### Q291. ::
`Which of the following is a way to use Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling groups to scale capacity in the AWS Cloud?

- [x] Scale the number of EC2 instances in or out automatically, based on demand.
- [ ] Use serverless EC2 instances.
- [ ] Scale the size of EC2 instances up or down automatically, based on demand.
- [ ] Transfer unused CPU resources between EC2 instances.

#### Q292. ::
`A company discovered unauthorized access to resources in its on-premises data center. Upon investigation, the company found that the requests originated from a resource hosted on AWS.
`Which AWS team should the company contact to report this issue?

- [ ] AWS Customer Service team
- [ ] AWS Sales team
- [x] AWS Abuse team
- [ ] AWS Technical Support team
