##   p7_v2_1-3

#### Q265::
`Which AWS benefit enables users to deploy cloud infrastructure that consists of multiple geographic regions connected by a network with low latency, high throughput, and redundancy?

- [ ] Economies of scale
- [ ] Security
- [ ] Elasticity
- [x] Global reach


#### Q266::
`A company is considering a migration from on premises to the AWS Cloud. The company's IT team needs to offload support of the workload.
`What should the IT team do to accomplish this goal?

- [x] Use AWS Managed Services to provision, run, and support the company infrastructure.
- [ ] Build hardware refreshes into the operational calendar to ensure availability.
- [ ] Use Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) on Amazon EC2 instances.
- [ ] Overprovision compute capacity for seasonal events and traffic spikes to prevent downtime.

#### Q267 ::
`What is a benefit of using AWS serverless computing?

- [ ] Application deployment and management are not required.
- [ ] Application security will be fully managed by AWS.
- [ ] Monitoring and logging are not needed.
- [x] Management of infrastructure is offloaded to AWS.


#### Q268. :: 
`A company plans to launch an application that will run in multiple locations within the United States. The company needs to identify the two AWS Regions where the application can operate at the lowest price.
`Which AWS service or feature should the company use to determine the Regions that offer the lowest price?

- [ ] Cost Explorer
- [ ] AWS Budgets
- [ ] AWS Trusted Advisor
- [x] AWS Pricing Calculator

#### Q269. ::
`Which approach will enhance a user's security on AWS?

- [ ] Use Multi-AZ deployments with Amazon RDS.
- [ ] Create a hybrid architecture by using AWS Direct Connect.
- [ ] Monitor application-specific information with AWS X-Ray.
- [x] Encrypt data by using AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS).

#### Q270. ::
`Which AWS service or tool is associated with an Amazon EC2 instance and acts as a virtual firewall to control inbound and outbound traffic?

- [ ] AWS WAF
- [ ] AWS Shield
- [ ] Network access control list (ACL)
- [x] Security group

#### Q271. :: 
`A company wants to migrate its on-premises Microsoft SQL Server database server to the AWS Cloud. The company has decided to use Amazon EC2 instances to run this database.
`Which of the following is the company responsible for managing, according to the AWS shared responsibility model?

- [ ] EC2 hypervisor
- [x] Security patching of the guest operating system
- [ ] Network connectivity of the host server
- [ ] Uptime service level agreement (SLA) for the EC2 instances

#### Q272. ::
`A developer wants to deploy an application on a container-based service. The service must automatically provision and manage the backend instances. The service must provision only the necessary resources.
`Which AWS service will meet these requirements?

- [ ] Amazon EC2
- [ ] Amazon Lightsail
- [ ] Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS)
- [x] AWS Fargate

#### Q273. ::
`Which tasks require use of the AWS account root user? (Choose two.)

- [x] Changing an AWS Support plan
- [ ] Modifying an Amazon EC2 instance type
- [ ] Grouping resources in AWS Systems Manager
- [ ] Running applications in Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS)
- [x] Closing an AWS account


#### Q274. ::
`Which AWS service enables the decoupling and scaling of applications?

- [x] Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS)
- [ ] AWS Outposts
- [ ] Amazon S3
- [ ] Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES)

#### Q275. ::
`Which of the following describes some of the core functionality of Amazon S3?

- [ ] Amazon S3 is a high-performance block storage service that is designed for use with Amazon EC2.
- [x] Amazon S3 is an object storage service that provides high-level performance, security, scalability, and data availability.
- [ ] Amazon S3 is a fully managed, highly reliable, and scalable file storage system that is accessible over the industry-standard SMB protocol.
- [ ] Amazon S3 is a scalable, fully managed elastic NFS for use with AWS Cloud services and on-premises resources.

#### Q276. ::
`How does consolidated billing help reduce costs for a company that has multiple AWS accounts?

- [x] It aggregates usage across accounts so that the company can reach volume discount thresholds sooner.
- [ ] It offers an additional 5% discount on purchases of All Upfront Reserved Instances.
- [ ] It provides a simplified billing invoice that the company can process more quickly than a standard invoice.
- [ ] It gives AWS resellers the ability to bill their customers for usage.

#### Q277. ::
`A company wants to secure its consumer web application by using SSL/TLS to encrypt traffic.
`Which AWS service can the company use to meet this goal?

- [ ] AWS WAF
- [ ] AWS Shield
- [ ] Amazon VPC
- [x] AWS Certificate Manager (ACM)

#### Q278. ::
`Which of the following are advantages of moving to the AWS Cloud? (Choose two.)

- [ ] Users can implement all AWS services in seconds.
- [ ] AWS assumes all responsibility for the security of infrastructure and applications.
- [x] Users experience increased speed and agility.
- [x] Users benefit from massive economies of scale.
- [ ] Users can move hardware from their data center to the AWS Cloud.
