##   p7_v2_3-3


#### Q293. ::
`Which of the following are aspects of the AWS shared responsibility model? (Choose two.)

- [ ] Configuration management of infrastructure devices is the customer's responsibility.
- [x] For Amazon S3, AWS operates the infrastructure layer, the operating systems, and the platforms.
- [x] AWS is responsible for protecting the physical cloud infrastructure.
- [ ] AWS is responsible for training the customer's employees on AWS products and services.
- [ ] For Amazon EC2, AWS is responsible for maintaining the guest operating system.

#### Q294. ::
`A company needs real-time guidance to follow AWS best practices to save money, improve system performance, and close security gaps.
`Which AWS service should the company use?

- [ ] Amazon GuardDuty
- [x] AWS Trusted Advisor
- [ ] AWS Management Console
- [ ] AWS Systems Manager

#### Q295. ::
`A company wants to organize its users so that the company can grant permissions to the users as a group.
`Which AWS service or tool can the company use to meet this requirement?

- [ ] Security groups
- [x] AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)
- [ ] Resource groups
- [ ] AWS Security Hub

#### Q296. ::
`A company runs applications that process credit card information. Auditors have asked if the AWS environment has changed since the previous audit. If the AWS environment has changed, the auditors want to know how it has changed.
`Which AWS services can provide this information? (Choose two.)

- [ ] AWS Artifact
- [ ] AWS Trusted Advisor
- [x] AWS Config
- [x] AWS CloudTrail
- [ ] AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)

#### Q297. ::
`A company wants to use a template to reliably provision, manage, and update its infrastructure in the AWS Cloud.
`Which AWS service will meet these requirements?

- [ ] AWS Lambda
- [x] AWS CloudFormation
- [ ] AWS Fargate
- [ ] AWS CodeDeploy

#### Q298. ::
`A company is reviewing the current costs of running its own infrastructure on premises. The company wants to compare these on-premises costs to the costs of running infrastructure in the AWS Cloud.
`How should the company make this comparison?

- [ ] Review the AWS shared responsibility model.
- [ ] Audit existing software and hardware licensing costs.
- [ ] Analyze the AWS Well-Architected Framework.
- [x] Use Migration Evaluator.

#### Q299. ::
`A company needs a low-code, visual workflow service that developers can use to build distributed applications.
`Which AWS service is designed to meet these requirements?

- [x] AWS Step Functions
- [ ] AWS Config
- [ ] AWS Lambda
- [ ] Amazon CloudWatch

#### Q300. ::
`A company wants to accelerate migration from its data center to the AWS Cloud.
`Which combination of AWS services should the company use to meet this requirement? (Choose two.)

- [ ] Amazon Connect
- [x] AWS Direct Connect
- [x] AWS Server Migration Service (AWS SMS)
- [ ] Amazon Route 53
- [ ] AWS Organizations

#### Q301. ::
`What should a user do if the user loses an IAM secret access key?

- [ ] Retrieve the secret access key by using the IAM console.
- [ ] Create a new user with a new access key and a new secret access key.
- [x] Rotate the secret access key.
- [ ] Request a new secret access key from AWS Support.

#### Q302. ::
`A company wants to deploy a Docker application to the AWS Cloud. However, the company does not want to manage the underlying servers.
`Which combination of AWS services should the company use to meet these requirements? (Choose two.)

- [ ] Amazon EC2
- [ ] Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling
- [x] AWS Elastic Beanstalk
- [ ] Amazon CloudFront
- [x] AWS Fargate



#### Q303. ::
`A company needs to transfer 60 TB of data to the AWS Cloud in a secure manner.
`Which of the following should the company use to meet these requirements?

- [x] AWS Snowball Edge device
- [ ] Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
- [ ] Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)
- [ ] Amazon S3


#### Q304. ::
`A gaming company wants to move its on-premises environment to AWS. The company needs its resources to be highly available.
`Which benefit does the AWS Cloud provide to meet this requirement?

- [x] Reliability
- [ ] The AWS shared responsibility model
- [ ] Security
- [ ] Agility


#### Q305. ::
`An ecommerce company has been monitoring usage of its online store that is hosted on a fleet of Amazon EC2 instances. Surges in traffic occur every weekend day at the same time and last for approximately 4 hours.
`Which AWS service should the company use to ensure that there are enough instances to meet the surges in demand?

- [ ] AWS Lambda
- [ ] Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events)
- [ ] Elastic Load Balancing (ELB)
- [x] Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling


#### Q306. ::
`A company needs stateless network filtering for its VPC.
`Which AWS service, tool, or feature will meet this requirement?

- [ ] AWS PrivateLink
- [ ] Security group
- [x] Network access control list (ACL)
- [ ] AWS WAF


#### Q307. ::
`A company needs to audit its AWS resources. The company must document any changes that have been made to the resources.
`Which AWS service will meet these requirements?

- [ ] AWS Artifact
- [x] AWS Config
- [ ] Amazon Inspector
- [ ] Amazon CloudWatch


#### Q308. ::
`A company needs fully managed, highly reliable, and scalable file storage that is accessible over the Server Message Block (SMB) protocol.
`Which AWS service will meet these requirements?

- [ ] Amazon S3
- [ ] Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)
- [x] Amazon FSx for Windows File Server
- [ ] Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
