##   clf-c01_p10-397-429-1

#### Q397::
`A company is using Amazon EC2 instances.
`Which tasks are the company's responsibility, according to the AWS shared responsibility model? (Choose two.)

- [ ] Choose the initial root password of new Linux instances.
- [x] Identify which users can access the EC2 instances, and manage their permissions in the operating system.
- [ ] Apply the updates of the hypervisor where the EC2 instances are running.
- [ ] Choose between a Wi-Fi connection and an Ethernet connection for the global internet access.
- [x] Identify and manage the users who are allowed to create or delete EC2 instances.


#### Q398::
`Which AWS service gives users the ability to run AWS services on premises?

- [ ] Amazon CloudFront
- [x] AWS Outposts
- [ ] AWS Global Accelerator
- [ ] Amazon VPC

#### Q399 ::
`Which guideline is a well-architected design principle tor building cloud applications?

- [ ] Keep static data closer to compute resources.
- [ ] Provision resources for peak capacity.
- [x] Design for automated recovery from failure.
- [ ] Use tightly coupled components.



#### Q400. :: 
`Which actions are examples of a company's effort to rightsize its AWS resources to control cloud costs? (Choose two.)

- [ ] Switch from Amazon RDS to Amazon DynamoDB to accommodate NoSQL datasets.
- [x] Base the selection of Amazon EC2 instance types on past utilization patterns.
- [x] Use Amazon S3 Lifecycle policies to move objects that users access infrequently to lower-cost storage tiers.
- [ ] Use Multi-AZ deployments for Amazon RDS.
- [ ] Replace existing Amazon EC2 instances with AWS Elastic Beanstalk.

#### Q401. ::
`Where can AWS users review answers to frequently asked questions about security in the AWS Cloud?

- [ ] AWS Trusted Advisor
- [ ] AWS Knowledge Center
- [ ] AWS Support Center
- [x] AWS Artifact

#### Q402. ::
`Which AWS service or feature can a company use to estimate AWS costs before provisioning workloads?

- [ ] AWS Pricing Calculator
- [ ] AWS Cost and Usage Report
- [x] Cost Explorer
- [ ] AWS Budgets

#### Q403. :: 
`An application that is hosted on Amazon EC2 has a steady and consistent workload. The application will operate for at least 1 year.
`What is the MOST cost-effective instance purchasing option to meet these requirements?

- [ ] Spot Instances
- [ ] Reserved Instances
- [x] On-Demand Instances
- [ ] Dedicated Hosts

#### Q404. ::
`A company needs to use dashboards and charts to analyze insights from business data.
`Which AWS service will provide the dashboards and charts for these insights?

- [ ] Amazon Macie
- [ ] Amazon Aurora
- [ ] Amazon QuickSight
- [x] AWS CloudTrail

#### Q405. ::
`Which of the following are security principles in the AWS Well-Architected Framework? (Choose two.)

- [ ] Analyze and attribute expenditures.
- [ ] Monitor, alert, and audit actions and changes to AWS resources.
- [ ] Deploy globally in minutes.
- [x] Protect data in transit and at rest.
- [x] Perform operations as code.


#### Q406. ::
`A company moves its infrastructure from on premises to the AWS Cloud. The company can now provision additional Amazon EC2 instances whenever the instances are required. With this ability, the company can launch new marketing campaigns in 3 days instead of 3 weeks.
`Which benefit of the AWS Cloud does this scenario demonstrate?

- [ ] Cost savings
- [ ] Improved operational resilience
- [ ] Increased business agility
- [x] Enhanced security

#### Q407. ::
`A company wants to design a reliable web application that is hosted on Amazon EC2.
`Which approach will achieve this goal?

- [ ] Launch large EC2 instances in the same Availability Zone
- [ ] Spread EC2 instances across more than one security group
- [x] Spread EC2 instances across more than one Availability Zone.
- [ ] Use an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) from AWS Marketplace.

#### Q408. ::
`Which AWS service should a company use to provision, manage, and deploy SSL/TLS certificates?

- [ ] AWS Secrets Manager
- [ ] Amazon Inspector
- [ ] AWS CodeDeploy
- [x] AWS Certificate Manager (ACM)

#### Q409. ::
`A company provides Amazon Workspaces to its remote employees. The company wants to prevent employees from using their virtual desktops to visit specific websites that are known to be malicious.
`Which AWS service should the company use to meet this requirement?

- [ ] AWS Shield Advanced
- [ ] Amazon Route 53
- [x] Amazon GuardDuty
- [ ] AWS Network Firewall


#### Q410. ::
`A company wants to build an application that uses AWS Lambda to run Python code.
`Under the AWS shared responsibility model, which tasks will be the company's responsibility? (Choose two.)

- [x] Management of the underlying infrastructure
- [ ] Management of the operating system.
- [ ] Writing the business logic code.
- [ ] Installation of the computer language runtime.
- [x] Providing AWS Identity and Access Management (1AM) access to the Lambda service.

#### Q411. ::
`Which of the following is one of the pillars of the AWS Well-Architected Framework?

- [ ] Efficiency and redundancy
- [ ] High availability
- [x] Operational excellence
- [ ] Business optimization


#### Q412. ::
`A company has multiple departments. The company must charge each department for its exact AWS Cloud usage, including data transfer costs.
`How can the company determine these costs by department?

- [ ] Use one AWS account for each department.
- [x] Use cost allocation tags on services that are used the most often.
- [ ] Use AWS Trusted Advisor.
- [ ] Use Savings Plans.
