##   p10_v_2

#### Q430. ::
`A large company has a workload that requires hardware to remain on premises. The company wants to use the same management and control plane services that it currently uses on AWS.
`
`Which AWS service should the company use to meet these requirements?

- [ ] AWS Device Farm
- [ ] AWS Fargate
- [x] AWS Outposts
- [ ] AWS Ground Station

#### Q431. ::
`Which of the following is included within the security pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework?

- [ ] Identity federation
- [x] Data protection
- [ ] Incident reporting
- [ ] Disaster recovery

#### Q432. ::
`A company has been storing monthly reports in an Amazon S3 bucket. The company exports the report data into comma-separated values (.csv) files. A developer wants to write a simple query that can read all of these files and generate a summary report.
`
`Which AWS service or feature should the developer use to meet these requirements with the LEAST amount of operational overhead?

- [x] Amazon S3 Select
- [ ] Amazon Athena
- [ ] Amazon Redshift
- [ ] Amazon EC2

#### Q433. ::
`A company wants the ability to accommodate peak application usage without purchasing equipment for on-premises data centers.
`
`Which AWS Cloud benefit is the company seeking?

- [ ] High availability
- [ ] Security
- [ ] Reliability
- [x] Elasticity

#### Q434. ::
`Which of the following are pillars of the AWS Well-Architected Framework? (Choose two.)

- [ ] Availability
- [x] Reliability
- [ ] Scalability
- [ ] Responsive design
- [x] Operational excellence

#### Q435. ::
`Which AWS service provides highly durable object storage?

- [x] Amazon S3
- [ ] Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)
- [ ] Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
- [ ] Amazon FSx

#### Q436. ::
`A company needs to migrate all of its development teams to a cloud-based integrated development environment (IDE).
`
`Which AWS service should the company use?

- [x] AWS CodeBuild
- [ ] AWS Cloud9
- [ ] AWS OpsWorks
- [ ] AWS Cloud Development Kit (AWS CDK)

#### Q437. ::
`Which AWS database service providers in-memory data storage?

- [ ] Amazon DynamoDB
- [x] Amazon ElastiCache
- [ ] Amazon RDS
- [ ] Amazon Timestream

#### Q438. ::
`A company needs a content delivery network that provides secure delivery of data, videos, applications, and APIs to users globally with low latency and high transfer speeds.
`
`Which AWS service meets these requirements?

- [x] Amazon CloudFront
- [ ] Elastic Load Balancing
- [ ] Amazon S3
- [ ] Amazon Elastic Transcoder

#### Q439. ::
`Which of the following are design principles for reliability in the AWS Cloud? (Choose two.)

- [ ] Build architectures with tightly coupled resources.
- [ ] Use AWS Trusted Advisor to meet security best practices.
- [x] Use automation to recover immediately from failure.
- [ ] Right size Amazon EC2 instances to ensure optimal performance.
- [x] Simulate failures to test recovery processes.

#### Q440. ::
`Which AWS service is a cloud security posture management (CSPM) service that aggregates alerts from various AWS services and partner products in a standardized format?

- [ ] AWS Security Hub
- [x] AWS Trusted Advisor
- [ ] Amazon EventBridge
- [ ] Amazon GuardDuty
