##   p10-397-429-2-2

#### Q413. ::
`An ecommerce company has Amazon EC2 instances running as web servers. There is a predictable pattern of peak traffic load that occurs two times each day, always at the same time. The EC2 instances are idle for the remainder of the day.
`What is the MOST cost-effective way to manage these resources while maintaining fault tolerance?

- [x] Use an Auto Scaling group to scale resources in and out based on demand.
- [ ] Purchase Reserved Instances to ensure peak capacity at all times.
- [ ] Write a cron job to stop the EC2 instances when the traffic demand is low.
- [ ] Write a script to vertically scale the EC2 instances during peak traffic demand.

#### Q414. ::
`A company wants to integrate its online shopping website with social media login credentials.
`Which AWS service can the company use to make this integration?

- [ ] AWS Directory Service
- [ ] AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)
- [x] Amazon Cognito
- [ ] AWS IAM Identity Center (AWS Single Sign-On)

#### Q415. ::
`A company needs to create graphs that show historical and current costs for the company's AWS account.
`Which AWS service or tool provides this functionality?

- [ ] AWS Config
- [ ] AWS Cost and Usage Report
- [ ] AWS Budgets
- [x] AWS Cost Explorer

#### Q416. ::
`A company acquired another corporation. The company now has two AWS accounts.
`Which AWS service or tool can the company use to consolidate the billing for these two accounts?

- [ ] AWS Systems Manager
- [x] AWS Organizations
- [ ] AWS License Manager
- [ ] Cost Explorer

#### Q417. ::
`Which AWS Support plans provide a complete set of AWS Trusted Advisor checks?

- [x] AWS Business Support and AWS Basic Support
- [ ] AWS Enterprise Support and AWS Business Support
- [ ] AWS Enterprise Support and AWS Developer Support
- [ ] AWS Business Support and AWS Developer Support

#### Q418. ::
`Which of the following is a method for building a highly available application on AWS?

- [x] Place an Independent copy of the application in two or more Availability Zones.
- [ ] Place codependent components of the application in two or more Availability Zones
- [ ] Run one version of the application in one Availability Zone and run an earlier version of the application in a second Availability Zone.
- [ ] Deploy two copies of the application in a single Availability Zone.


#### Q419. ::
`Which statement is an AWS Cloud best practice that focuses on the elasticity and agility of cloud computing?

- [ ] Provision capacity based on past usage and theoretical peaks.
- [x] Dynamically scale to meet usage demands.
- [ ] Build the application and infrastructure in a data center that grants physical access.
- [ ] Break apart the application into loosely coupled components.

#### Q420. ::
`Which AWS service could an administrator use to provide desktop environments for several employees?

- [ ] AWS Organizations
- [ ] AWS Fargate
- [ ] AWS WAF
- [x] AWS Workspaces

#### Q421. ::
`A company simulates workflows to review and validate that all processes are effective and that staff are familiar with the processes.
`Which design principle of the AWS Well-Architected Framework is the company following with this practice?

- [x] Perform operations as code.
- [ ] Refine operation procedures frequently.
- [ ] Make frequent, small, reversible changes.
- [ ] Structure the company to support business outcomes.

#### Q422. ::
`Which AWS services or resources can a company use directly on its on-premises servers? (Choose two.)

- [x] AWS OpsWorks
- [ ] AWS CloudFormation
- [ ] AWS Storage Gateway
- [ ] Application Load Balancer
- [x] Amazon Cognito

#### Q423. ::
`According to the AWS shared responsibility model, the customer is responsible for applying the latest security updates and patches for which of the following?

- [ ] Amazon DynamoDB
- [x] Amazon EC2 instances
- [ ] Amazon RDS instances
- [ ] Amazon S3

#### Q424. ::
`Which cloud computing advantage is a company applying when it uses AWS Regions to increase application availability to users in different countries?

- [ ] Pay-as-you-go pricing
- [ ] Capacity forecasting
- [ ] Economies of scale
- [x] Global reach

#### Q425. ::
`Which option is an advantage of AWS Cloud computing that minimizes variable costs?

- [x] High availability
- [ ] Economies of scale
- [ ] Global reach
- [ ] Agility

#### Q426. ::
`Which action will help increase security in the AWS Cloud?

- [ ] Enable programmatic access for all IAM users.
- [x] Use IAM users instead of IAM roles to delegate permissions.
- [ ] Rotate access keys on a reoccurring basis.
- [ ] Use inline policies instead of customer managed policies.

#### Q427. ::
`A user wants to transport data between AWS and an on-premises environment using a private network connection.
`Which AWS service or feature can be used to meet these requirements?

- [ ] NAT gateway
- [x] AWS Direct Connect
- [ ] Amazon VPC
- [ ] Internet gateway

#### Q428. ::
`Which AWS service can serve a static website?

- [ ] Amazon S3
- [x] Amazon Route 53
- [ ] Amazon QuickSight
- [ ] AWS X-Ray

#### Q429. ::
`Which design principles are enabled by the AWS Cloud to improve the operation of workloads? (Choose two.)

- [ ] Minimize upfront design
- [x] Loose coupling
- [ ] Disposable resources
- [x] Server design and concurrency
- [ ] Minimal viable product
