##   p10_v_2-2-4

#### Q407. ::
`A company wants to design a reliable web application that is hosted on Amazon EC2.
`Which approach will achieve this goal?

- [ ] Launch large EC2 instances in the same Availability Zone
- [ ] Spread EC2 instances across more than one security group
- [x] Spread EC2 instances across more than one Availability Zone.
- [ ] Use an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) from AWS Marketplace.

#### Q408. ::
`Which AWS service should a company use to provision, manage, and deploy SSL/TLS certificates?

- [ ] AWS Secrets Manager
- [ ] Amazon Inspector
- [ ] AWS CodeDeploy
- [x] AWS Certificate Manager (ACM)

#### Q409. ::
`A company provides Amazon Workspaces to its remote employees. The company wants to prevent employees from using their virtual desktops to visit specific websites that are known to be malicious.
`Which AWS service should the company use to meet this requirement?

- [ ] AWS Shield Advanced
- [ ] Amazon Route 53
- [ ] Amazon GuardDuty
- [x] AWS Network Firewall


#### Q410. ::
`A company wants to build an application that uses AWS Lambda to run Python code.
`Under the AWS shared responsibility model, which tasks will be the company's responsibility? (Choose two.)

- [ ] Management of the underlying infrastructure
- [ ] Management of the operating system.
- [x] Writing the business logic code.
- [ ] Installation of the computer language runtime.
- [x] Providing AWS Identity and Access Management (1AM) access to the Lambda service.

#### Q411. ::
`Which of the following is one of the pillars of the AWS Well-Architected Framework?

- [ ] Efficiency and redundancy
- [ ] High availability
- [x] Operational excellence
- [ ] Business optimization

#### Q412. ::
`A company has multiple departments. The company must charge each department for its exact AWS Cloud usage, including data transfer costs.
`How can the company determine these costs by department?

- [x] Use one AWS account for each department.
- [ ] Use cost allocation tags on services that are used the most often.
- [ ] Use AWS Trusted Advisor.
- [ ] Use Savings Plans.

#### Q413. ::
`An ecommerce company has Amazon EC2 instances running as web servers. There is a predictable pattern of peak traffic load that occurs two times each day, always at the same time. The EC2 instances are idle for the remainder of the day.
`What is the MOST cost-effective way to manage these resources while maintaining fault tolerance?

- [x] Use an Auto Scaling group to scale resources in and out based on demand.
- [ ] Purchase Reserved Instances to ensure peak capacity at all times.
- [ ] Write a cron job to stop the EC2 instances when the traffic demand is low.
- [ ] Write a script to vertically scale the EC2 instances during peak traffic demand.

#### Q414. ::
`A company wants to integrate its online shopping website with social media login credentials.
`Which AWS service can the company use to make this integration?

- [ ] AWS Directory Service
- [ ] AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)
- [x] Amazon Cognito
- [ ] AWS IAM Identity Center (AWS Single Sign-On)

#### Q415. ::
`A company needs to create graphs that show historical and current costs for the company's AWS account.
`Which AWS service or tool provides this functionality?

- [ ] AWS Config
- [ ] AWS Cost and Usage Report
- [ ] AWS Budgets
- [x] AWS Cost Explorer

#### Q416. ::
`A company acquired another corporation. The company now has two AWS accounts.
`Which AWS service or tool can the company use to consolidate the billing for these two accounts?

- [ ] AWS Systems Manager
- [x] AWS Organizations
- [ ] AWS License Manager
- [ ] Cost Explorer
