##   p10_v_2

#### Q417. ::
`Which AWS Support plans provide a complete set of AWS Trusted Advisor checks?

- [ ] AWS Business Support and AWS Basic Support
- [x] AWS Enterprise Support and AWS Business Support
- [ ] AWS Enterprise Support and AWS Developer Support
- [ ] AWS Business Support and AWS Developer Support

#### Q418. ::
`Which of the following is a method for building a highly available application on AWS?

- [x] Place an Independent copy of the application in two or more Availability Zones.
- [ ] Place codependent components of the application in two or more Availability Zones
- [ ] Run one version of the application in one Availability Zone and run an earlier version of the application in a second Availability Zone.
- [ ] Deploy two copies of the application in a single Availability Zone.


#### Q419. ::
`Which statement is an AWS Cloud best practice that focuses on the elasticity and agility of cloud computing?

- [ ] Provision capacity based on past usage and theoretical peaks.
- [x] Dynamically scale to meet usage demands.
- [ ] Build the application and infrastructure in a data center that grants physical access.
- [ ] Break apart the application into loosely coupled components.

#### Q420. ::
`Which AWS service could an administrator use to provide desktop environments for several employees?

- [ ] AWS Organizations
- [ ] AWS Fargate
- [ ] AWS WAF
- [x] AWS Workspaces

#### Q421. ::
`A company simulates workflows to review and validate that all processes are effective and that staff are familiar with the processes.
`Which design principle of the AWS Well-Architected Framework is the company following with this practice?

- [ ] Perform operations as code.
- [x] Refine operation procedures frequently.
- [ ] Make frequent, small, reversible changes.
- [ ] Structure the company to support business outcomes.

#### Q422. ::
`Which AWS services or resources can a company use directly on its on-premises servers? (Choose two.)

- [x] AWS OpsWorks
- [ ] AWS CloudFormation
- [ ] AWS Storage Gateway
- [ ] Application Load Balancer
- [x] Amazon Cognito

#### Q423. ::
`According to the AWS shared responsibility model, the customer is responsible for applying the latest security updates and patches for which of the following?

- [ ] Amazon DynamoDB
- [x] Amazon EC2 instances
- [ ] Amazon RDS instances
- [ ] Amazon S3

#### Q424. ::
`Which cloud computing advantage is a company applying when it uses AWS Regions to increase application availability to users in different countries?

- [ ] Pay-as-you-go pricing
- [ ] Capacity forecasting
- [ ] Economies of scale
- [x] Global reach

#### Q425. ::
`Which option is an advantage of AWS Cloud computing that minimizes variable costs?

- [ ] High availability
- [x] Economies of scale
- [ ] Global reach
- [ ] Agility

#### Q426. ::
`Which action will help increase security in the AWS Cloud?

- [ ] Enable programmatic access for all IAM users.
- [ ] Use IAM users instead of IAM roles to delegate permissions.
- [x] Rotate access keys on a reoccurring basis.
- [ ] Use inline policies instead of customer managed policies.

#### Q427. ::
`A user wants to transport data between AWS and an on-premises environment using a private network connection.
`Which AWS service or feature can be used to meet these requirements?

- [ ] NAT gateway
- [x] AWS Direct Connect
- [ ] Amazon VPC
- [ ] Internet gateway

#### Q428. ::
`Which AWS service can serve a static website?

- [x] Amazon S3
- [ ] Amazon Route 53
- [ ] Amazon QuickSight
- [ ] AWS X-Ray

#### Q429. ::
`Which design principles are enabled by the AWS Cloud to improve the operation of workloads? (Choose two.)

- [ ] Minimize upfront design
- [x] Loose coupling
- [ ] Disposable resources
- [x] Server design and concurrency
- [ ] Minimal viable product
