##   2°_51-100_v2


#### 0020::You are monitoring the health and performance of an Azure web app by using Azure Application Insights.
`You need to ensure that an alert is sent when the web app has a sudden rise in performance issues and failures.
`What should you use?

- [ ] custom events
- [ ] Application Insights Profiler
- [ ] usage analysis
- [x] Smart Detection
- [ ] Continuous export

#### 0021::You have a project in Azure DevOps named Contoso App that contains pipelines in Azure Pipelines for GitHub repositories.
`You need to ensure that developers receive Microsoft Teams notifications when there are failures in a pipeline of Contoso App.
`What should you run in Teams? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.


#### 0022::You have a private GitHub repository.
`You need to display the commit status of the repository on Azure Boards.
`What should you do first?

- [ ] Configure multi-factor authentication (MFA) for your GitHub account.
- [ ] Add the Azure Pipelines app to the GitHub repository.
- [x] Add the Azure Boards app to the repository.
- [ ] Create a GitHub action in GitHub.


#### 0023::
`You are integrating Azure Pipelines and Microsoft Teams.
`You install the Azure Pipelines app in Microsoft Teams.
`You have an Azure DevOps organization named Contoso that contains a project name Project1.
`You subscribe to Project1 in Microsoft Teams.
`You need to ensure that you only receive events about failed builds in Microsoft Teams.
`What should you do first?

- [ ] From Microsoft Teams, run @azure pipelines subscribe https://dev.azure.com/Contoso/Project1.
- [ ] From Azure Pipelines, add a Publish Build Artifacts task to Project1.
- [x] From Microsoft Teams, run @azure pipelines subscriptions.
- [ ] From Azure Pipelines, enable continuous integration for Project1.


#### 024 ::
`You have an Azure DevOps organization named Contoso.
`You need to receive Microsoft Teams notifications when work items are updated.
`What should you do?

- [ ] From Azure DevOps, configure a service hook subscription
- [x] From Microsoft Teams, configure a connector
- [ ] From the Microsoft Teams admin center, configure external access
- [ ] From Microsoft Teams, add a channel
- [ ] From Azure DevOps, install an extension

#### 0025::
`You create an alert rule in Azure Monitor as shown in the following exhibit.
` 
`Which action will trigger an alert?

- [x] a failed attempt to delete the ASP-9bb7 resource
- [ ] a change to a role assignment for the ASP-9bb7 resource
- [ ] a successful attempt to delete the ASP-9bb7 resource
- [ ] a failed attempt to scale up the ASP-9bb7 resource

#### 0026::
`You have a web app hosted on Azure App Service. The web app stores data in an Azure SQL database.
`You need to generate an alert when there are 10,000 simultaneous connections to the database. The solution must minimize development effort.
`Which option should you select in the Diagnostics settings of the database?

- [x] Send to Log Analytics
- [ ] Stream to an event hub
- [ ] Archive to a storage account

#### 0027::
`You use Azure DevOps to manage the build and deployment of an app named App1.
`You have a release pipeline that deploys a virtual machine named VM1.
`You plan to monitor the release pipeline by using Azure Monitor.
`You need to create an alert to monitor the performance of VM1. The alert must be triggered when the average CPU usage exceeds 70 percent for five minutes.
`The alert must calculate the average once every minute.
`How should you configure the alert rule? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.


#### 0028::
`You have an Azure virtual machine that is monitored by using Azure Monitor.
`The virtual machine has the Azure Log Analytics agent installed.
`You plan to deploy the Service Map solution from the Azure Marketplace.
`What should you deploy to the virtual machine to support the Service Map solution?

- [x] the Dependency agent
- [ ] the Telegraf agent
- [ ] the Windows Azure diagnostics extension (WAD)
- [ ] the Azure monitor agent

#### 029::
`You have a project in Azure DevOps that contains a Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) pipeline.
`You need to enable detailed logging by defining a pipeline variable.
`How should you configure the variable? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.


#### 0030::You build an iOS app.
`You receive crash reports from Crashlytics.
`You need to capture the following data:
`✑ Crash-free users
`✑ Custom events
`✑ Breadcrumbs
`What should you do?

- [ ] Configure the xcworkspace file in the project
- [ ] Add the GoogleAnalytics pod to the app.
- [ ] Configure the Crashlytics pod in the app.
- [x] Import the Firebase module to UIApplicationDelegate.

#### 0031::You have multiple teams that work on multiple projects in Azure DevOps.
`
`You need to plan and manage the consumers and producers for each project. The solution must provide an overview of all the projects.
`
`What should you do?

- [ ] Add a Predecessor or Successor link to the feature or user story for the items of each project.
- [ ] Add a Parent or Child link to the feature or user story for the items of each project.
- [x] Install the Dependency Tracker extension and create dependencies for each project.
- [ ] Create a custom query to show the consumers and producers and add a widget to a dashboard.

#### 0032::
`You have a GitHub repository that contains the source code for an app named App1.
`
`You need to create process documentation for App1. The solution must include a diagram that displays the relationships between the phases of App1 as shown in the following exhibit.
`
`How should you complete the markdown code? To answer, drag the appropriate values to the correct targets. Each value may be used once, more than once, or not at all. You may need to drag the split bar between panes or scroll to view content.



#### 0033::You have an Azure web app named webapp1 that uses the .NET Core runtime stack. You have an Azure Application Insights resource named AppInsights1 that collects telemetry data generated by webapp1.
`
`You plan to deploy webapp1 by using an Azure DevOps pipeline.
`
`You need to modify the sampling rate of the telemetry data processed by AppInsights1 without having to redeploy webapp1 after each modification.
`
`What should you do? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.



#### 0035::
`Your company has multiple microservices-based apps that use the following tracing libraries:
`
`• OpenTelemetry
`• OpenCensus
`• OpenTracing
`• Honeycomb
`• Jaeger
`
`The company purchases an Azure subscription and implements Application Insights in Azure Monitor.
`
`You plan to centralize distributed tracing for the apps.
`
`You need to identify which libraries can integrate directly with Application Insights.
`
`Which two libraries should you identify? Each correct answer presents a complete solution.

- [ ] Honeycomb
- [ ] OpenTracing
- [ ] Jaeger
- [x] OpenTelemtry
- [x] OpenCensus

#### 0035.2?::
`You have an Azure web app named webapp1 that uses the .NET Core runtime stack. You have an Azure Application Insights resource named AppInsights1. Webapp1 sends telemetry data to AppInsights1.
`
`You need to ensure that webapp1 sends the telemetry data at a fixed sampling rate.
`
`What should you do?

- [ ] From the code repository of webapp1, modify the ApplicationInsights.config file.
- [x] From the code repository of webapp1, modify the Startup.cs file.
- [ ] From AppInsights1, modify the Usage and estimated costs settings.
- [ ] From AppInsights1, configure the Continuous export settings.

#### 0036::
`You have an app named App1. You have a Log Analytics workspace named Workspace1 that contains two tables named Events and Logs. App1 manages events in multiple locations and writes logs to Workspace1.
`
`You need to query Workspace1 for all log entries related to Asia that occurred during the last two days.
`
`In which order should you arrange the query statements? To answer, move all statements from the list of statements to the answer area and arrange them in the correct order.


#### 0037::You have an Azure subscription that contains multiple Azure services.
`You need to send an SMS alert when scheduled maintenance is planned for the Azure services.
`Which two actions should you perform? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.

- [ ] Enable Azure Security Center.
- [ ] Create and configure an Azure Monitor alert rule.
- [x] Create an Azure Service Health alert.
- [x] Create and configure an action group.


#### 0038::
`You have an Azure DevOps organization named Contoso and an Azure subscription. The subscription contains an Azure virtual machine scale set named VMSS1 that is configured for autoscaling.
`You have a project in Azure DevOps named Project1. Project1 is used to build a web app named App1 and deploy App1 to VMSS1.
`You need to ensure that an email alert is generated whenever VMSS1 scales in or out.
`Solution: From Azure Monitor, configure the autoscale settings.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### Q39::You configure Azure Application Insights and the shared service plan tier for a web app.
`You enable Smart Detection.
`You confirm that standard metrics are visible in the logs, but when you test a failure, you do not receive a Smart Detection notification.
`What prevents the Smart Detection notification from being sent?

- [ ] You must enable the Snapshot Debugger for the web app.
- [x] Smart Detection uses the first 24 hours to establish the normal behavior of the web app.
- [ ] The web app is configured to use the shared service plan tier.
- [ ] You must restart the web app before Smart Detection is enabled.

#### 0040::You are planning projects for three customers. Each customer's preferred process for work items is shown in the following table.
`
`The customers all plan to use Azure DevOps for work item management.
`Which work item process should you use for each customer? To answer, drag the appropriate work item processes to the correct customers. Each work item process may be used once, more than once, or not at all. You may need to drag the split bar between panes or scroll to view content.



#### 0041::You configure an Azure Application Insights availability test.
`You need to notify the customer services department at your company by email when availability is degraded.
`You create an Azure logic app that will handle the email and follow up actions.
`Which type of trigger should you use to invoke the logic app?

- [ ] an HTTPWebhook trigger
- [ ] an HTTP trigger
- [x] a Request trigger
- [ ] an ApiConnection trigger



#### 0042::You have an Azure DevOps organization named Contoso and an Azure subscription.
`You use Azure DevOps to build a containerized app named App1 and deploy App1 to an Azure container instance named ACI1.
`You need to restart ACI1 when App1 stops responding.
`What should you do?

- [x] Add a liveness probe to the YAML configuration of App1.
- [ ] Add a readiness probe to the YAML configuration of App1.
- [ ] Use Connection Monitor in Azure Network Watcher.
- [ ] Use IP flow verify in Azure Network Watcher.



#### 0043::You have a multi-tier application that has an Azure Web Apps front end and an Azure SQL Database back end.
`You need to recommend a solution to capture and store telemetry data. The solution must meet the following requirements:
`✑ Support using ad-hoc queries to identify baselines.
`✑ Trigger alerts when metrics in the baseline are exceeded.
`✑ Store application and database metrics in a central location.
`What should you include in the recommendation?

- [ ] Azure Event Hubs
- [ ] Azure SQL Database Intelligent Insights
- [ ] Azure Application Insights
- [x] Azure Log Analytics


#### 0044::You have an Azure DevOps organization named Contoso and an Azure subscription. The subscription contains an Azure virtual machine scale set named VMSS1 that is configured for autoscaling.
`You use Azure DevOps to build a web app named App1 and deploy App1 to VMSS1. App1 is used heavily and has usage patterns that vary on a weekly basis.
`You need to recommend a solution to detect an abnormal rise in the rate of failed requests to App1. The solution must minimize administrative effort.
`What should you include in the recommendation?

- [x] the Smart Detection feature in Azure Application Insights
- [ ] the Failures feature in Azure Application Insights
- [ ] an Azure Service Health alert
- [ ] an Azure Monitor alert that uses an Azure Log Analytics query


#### 0045::You need to ensure that Microsoft Visual Studio 2017 can remotely attach to an Azure Function named fa-11566895.
`To complete this task, sign in to the Microsoft Azure portal.


#### 0046 ::You have an Azure subscription that contains resources in several resource groups.
`You need to design a monitoring strategy that will provide a consolidated view. The solution must support the following requirements:
`✑ Support role-based access control (RBAC) by using Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) identifies.
`✑ Include visuals from Azure Monitor that are generated by using the Kusto query language.
`✑ Support documentation written in markdown.
`✑ Use the latest data available for each visual.
`What should you use to create the consolidated view?

- [ ] Azure Monitor
- [ ] Microsoft Power BI
- [ ] Azure Data Explorer
- [x] Azure dashboards

#### 0047::You are automating the testing process for your company.
`You need to automate UI testing of a web application.
`Which framework should you use?

- [ ] JaCoco
- [x] Selenium
- [ ] Xamarin.UITest
- [ ] Microsoft.CodeAnalysis


#### 0048::You are building an ASP.NET Core application.
`You plan to create an application utilization baseline by capturing telemetry data.
`You need to add code to the application to capture the telemetry data. The solution must minimize the costs of storing the telemetry data.
`Which two actions should you perform? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.

- [ ] Add the <InitialSamplingPercentage>99</InitialSamplingPercentage> parameter to the ApplicationInsights.config file.
- [ ] From the code of the application, enable adaptive sampling.
- [x] From the code of the application, add Azure Application Insights telemetry.
- [ ] Add the <MaxTelemetryItemsPerSecond>5</MaxTelemetryItemsPerSecond> parameter to the ApplicationInsights.config file.
- [x] From the code of the application, disable adaptive sampling.



#### 0049 ::
`You have an Azure DevOps organization named Contoso and an Azure subscription. The subscription contains an Azure virtual machine scale set named VMSS1 and an Azure Standard Load Balancer named LB1. LB1 distributes incoming requests across VMSS1 instances.
`You use Azure DevOps to build a web app named App1 and deploy App1 to VMSS1. App1 is accessible via HTTPS only and configured to require mutual authentication by using a client certificate.
`You need to recommend a solution for implementing a health check of App1. The solution must meet the following requirements:
`✑ Identify whether individual instances of VMSS1 are eligible for an upgrade operation.
`✑ Minimize administrative effort.
`What should you include in the recommendation?

- [ ] an Azure Load Balancer health probe 
- [ ] Azure Monitor autoscale
- [ ] the Custom Script Extension
- [x] the Application Health extension


#### 0050::You have an application named App1 that has a custom domain of app.contoso.com.
`You create a test in Azure Application Insights as shown in the following exhibit.
`
`Use the drop-down menus to select the answer choice that completes each statement based on the information presented in the graphic.


#### 0051::
`You have a build pipeline in Azure Pipelines that occasionally fails.
`You discover that a test measuring the response time of an API endpoint causes the failures.
`You need to prevent the build pipeline from failing due to the test.
`Which two actions should you perform? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.

- [ ] Set Flaky test detection to Off.
- [x] Clear Flaky tests included in test pass percentage.
- [ ] Enable Test Impact Analysis (TIA).
- [x] Manually mark the test as flaky.
- [ ] Enable test slicing.


#### 0052::Your company hosts a web application in Azure. The company uses Azure Pipelines for the build and release management of the application.
`Stakeholders report that the past few releases have negatively affected system performance.
`You configure alerts in Azure Monitor.
`You need to ensure that new releases are only deployed to production if the releases meet defined performance baseline criteria in the staging environment first.
`What should you use to prevent the deployment of releases that fall to meet the performance baseline?

- [ ] an Azure Scheduler job
- [ ] a trigger
- [x] a gate
- [ ] an Azure function


#### 0053::
`You manage a project in Azure DevOps.
`You need to prevent the configuration of the project from changing over time.
`Solution: Perform a Subscription Health scan when packages are created.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### 0054::Your company uses the following resources:
`✑ Windows Server 2019 container images hosted in an Azure Container Registry.
`✑ Azure virtual machines that run the latest version of Ubuntu
`✑ An Azure Log Analytics workspace
`✑ Azure Active Directory (Azure AD)
`✑ An Azure key vault
`For which two resources can you receive vulnerability assessments in Azure Security Center?

- [ ] the Azure Log Analytics workspace
- [ ] the Azure key vault
- [x] the Azure virtual machines that run the latest version of Ubuntu
- [ ] Azure Active Directory (Azure AD)
- [x] The Windows Server 2019 container images hosted in the Azure Container Registry.


#### 0055::You use Azure Pipelines to manage build pipelines, GitHub to store source code, and Dependabot to manage dependencies.
`You have an app named App1.
`Dependabot detects a dependency in App1 that requires an update.
`What should you do first to apply the update?

- [ ] Create a pull request.
- [x] Approve the pull request.
- [ ] Create a branch.
- [ ] Perform a commit.


#### 0056::You manage a project in Azure DevOps.
`You need to prevent the configuration of the project from changing over time.
`Solution: Add a code coverage step to the build pipelines.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No



#### 0057::You manage a project in Azure DevOps.
`You need to prevent the configuration of the project from changing over time.
`Solution: Implement Continuous Integration for the project.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No



#### 0058::You manage a project in Azure DevOps.
`You need to prevent the configuration of the project from changing over time.
`Solution: Implement Continuous Assurance for the project.

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No



#### 0059::You are designing a configuration management solution to support five apps hosted on Azure App Service. Each app is available in the following three environments: development, test, and production.
`You need to recommend a configuration management solution that meets the following requirements:
`✑ Supports feature flags
`✑ Tracks configuration changes from the past 30 days
`✑ Stores hierarchically structured configuration values
`✑ Controls access to the configurations by using role-based access control (RBAC) permissions
`✑ Stores shared values as key/value pairs that can be used by all the apps
`Which Azure service should you recommend as the configuration management solution?

- [ ] Azure Cosmos DB
- [ ] Azure App Service
- [x] Azure App Configuration
- [ ] Azure Key Vault


#### 0060::
`You have a containerized solution that runs in Azure Container Instances. The solution contains a frontend container named App1 and a backend container named DB1. DB1 loads a large amount of data during startup.
`You need to verify that DB1 can handle incoming requests before users can submit requests to App1.
`What should you configure?

- [ ] a liveness probe
- [ ] a performance log
- [x] a readiness probe
- [ ] an Azure Load Balancer health probe


#### 0061::
`You are designing a strategy to monitor the baseline metrics of Azure virtual machines that run Windows Server.
`You need to collect detailed data about the processes running in the guest operating system.
`Which two agents should you deploy? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.

- [ ] the Telegraf agent
- [x] the Azure Log Analytics agent
- [ ] the Azure Network Watcher Agent for Windows
- [x] the Dependency agent


#### 0062::
`You use Azure Pipelines to automate Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) for an Azure web app named WebApp1.
`You configure an Azure Monitor alert that is triggered when WebApp1 generates an error.
`You need to configure the alert to forward details of the error to a third-party system. The solution must minimize administrative effort.
`Which three actions should you perform in sequence? To answer, move the appropriate actions from the list of actions to the answer area and arrange them in the correct order.
`Select and Place:


#### 0063::
`You have an Azure DevOps organization named Contoso and an Azure subscription. The subscription contains an Azure virtual machine scale set named VMSS1 that is configured for autoscaling.
`You have a project in Azure DevOps named Project1. Project1 is used to build a web app named App1 and deploy App1 to VMSS1.
`You need to ensure that an email alert is generated whenever VMSS1 scales in or out.
`Solution: From Azure DevOps, configure the Notifications settings for Project1.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### 0064::
`You have an Azure DevOps organization named Contoso and an Azure subscription. The subscription contains an Azure virtual machine scale set named VMSS1 that is configured for autoscaling.
`You have a project in Azure DevOps named Project1. Project1 is used to build a web app named App1 and deploy App1 to VMSS1.
`You need to ensure that an email alert is generated whenever VMSS1 scales in or out.
`Solution: From Azure DevOps, configure the Service hooks settings for Project1.


- [ ] Yes
- [x] No



#### 0065::
`You have an Azure DevOps organization named Contoso and an Azure subscription. The subscription contains an Azure virtual machine scale set named VMSS1 that is configured for autoscaling.
`You have a project in Azure DevOps named Project1. Project1 is used to build a web app named App1 and deploy App1 to VMSS1.
`You need to ensure that an email alert is generated whenever VMSS1 scales in or out.
`Solution: From Azure Monitor, create an action group.

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No




#### 0066::
`You are using the Dependency Tracker extension in a project in Azure DevOps.
`You generate a risk graph for the project.
`What should you use in the risk graph to identify the number of dependencies and the risk level of the project? To answer, drag the appropriate elements to the correct data points. Each element may be used once, more than once, or not at all. You may need to drag the split bar between panes or scroll to view content.


#### 0067::
`You have an Azure subscription that contains the resources shown in the following table.
`
`You plan to create a linked service in DF1. The linked service will connect to SQL1 by using Microsoft SQL Server authentication. The password for the SQL
`
`Server login will be stored -
`in KV1.
`You need to configure DF1 to retrieve the password when the data factory connects to SQL1. The solution must use the principle of least privilege.
`How should you configure DF1? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.



#### 0068::
`You have several Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) accounts.
`You need to ensure that users use multi-factor authentication (MFA) to access Azure apps from untrusted networks.
`What should you configure in Azure AD?

- [ ] access reviews
- [ ] managed identities
- [ ] entitlement management
- [x] conditional access


#### 0069::
`You plan to provision a self-hosted Linux agent.
`Which authentication mechanism should you use to register the self-hosted agent?

- [x] personal access token (PAT)
- [ ] SSH key
- [ ] Alternate credentials
- [ ] certificate


