##   4°_151-200_v2_?


#### 00151::You have an Azure subscription that uses Azure Monitor and contains a Log Analytics workspace.
`You have an encryption key.
`You need to configure Azure Monitor to use the key to encrypt log data.
`Which five actions should you perform in sequence? To answer, move the appropriate actions from the list of actions to the answer area and arrange them in the correct order.

- [3] Configure the key vault properties for the cluster
- [4] link the Log Analytics workspace to the cluster 
- [2] Grant the system-assigned managed identity Key permissions for the key vault
- [-] Grant the system-assigned managed identity Certificate permissions for the key vault
- [1] Create an Azure Monitor Logs dedicated cluster that has a system-assigned managed identity
- [0] Create an Azure key vault and store the key


#### 00152::You have an Azure Key Vault that contains an encryption key named key1.
`You plan to create a Log Analytics workspace that will store logging data.
`You need to encrypt the workspace by using key1.
`Which four actions should you perform in sequence? To answer, move the appropriate actions from the list of actions to the answer area and arrange them in the correct order.

- [3] Link the workspace.
- [-] Register the Azure subscription to allow cluster creation.
- [2] Grant permissions to the key vault.
- [1] Create a Log Analytics cluster.
- [0] Enable soft delete for the key vault.

#### 00153::You use release pipelines in Azure Pipelines to deploy an app. Secrets required be the pipeline are stored as pipeline variables. Logging of commands is enabled for the Azure Pipelines agent.
`You need to prevent the values of the secrets from being logged.
`What should you do?

- [x] Store the secrets in the environment variables instead of the pipeline variables.
- [ ] Pass the secrets on the command line instead of in the pipeline variables.
- [ ] Apply a prefix of secret to the name of the variables.
- [ ] Echo the values of the secrets to the command line.


#### 00154::
`You need to deploy a new project in Azure DevOps that has the following requirements:
`* The lead developer must be able to create repositories, manage permissions, manage policies, and contribute to the repository.
`* Developers must be able to contribute to the repository and create branches, but NOT bypass policies when pushing builds.
`* Project managers must only be able to view the repository.
`* The principle of least privilege must be used.
`You create a new Azure DevOps project team for each role.
`To which Azure DevOps groups should you add each team? To answer, drag the appropriate groups to the correct teams. Each group may be used once, more than once, or not at all. You may need to drag the split bar between panes or scroll to view content.

- [ ] Project manager: Build Administrators
- [ ] Project manager: Contributors
- [ ] Project manager: Project Administrators
- [ ] Project manager: Project Collection Administrators
- [ ] Project manager: Project Collection Valid Users
- [x] Project manager: Readers

- [ ] Lead developer: Build Administrators
- [ ] Lead developer: Contributors
- [x] Lead developer: Project Administrators
- [ ] Lead developer: Project Collection Administrators
- [ ] Lead developer: Project Collection Valid Users
- [ ] Lead developer: Readers

- [ ] Developer: Build Administrators
- [x] Developer: Contributors
- [ ] Developer: Project Administrators
- [ ] Developer: Project Collection Administrators
- [ ] Developer: Project Collection Valid Users
- [ ] Developer: Readers

#### 0155 ::
`You have an Azure subscription that contains a project in Azure DevOps named Project1. You have three Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) users that require access to Project1 as shown in the following table.
`
`|Name|Title|Requirement|
`|User1|Project Manager|View repositories.|
`|User2|Development Lead|Create repositories and manage permissions.|
`|User3|Developer|Create branches and tags.|
`
`You need to ensure that the users have the appropriate permissions. The solution must use the principle of least privilege.
`
`To which permission group in Azure DevOps should you add each user? To answer, drag the appropriate permission groups to the correct users. Each permission group may be used once, more than once, or not at all. You may need to drag the split bar between panes or scroll to view content.

- [ ] User1: Build Administrators
- [ ] User1: Contributors
- [ ] User1: Project Administrators
- [x] User1: Readers

- [ ] User2: Build Administrators
- [ ] User2: Contributors
- [x] User2: Project Administrators
- [ ] User2: Readers

- [ ] User1: Build Administrators
- [x] User1: Contributors
- [ ] User1: Project Administrators
- [ ] User1: Readers


#### 00156::
`You have an Azure subscription linked to an Azure Active Directory Premium Plan 1 tenant.
`
`A security review indicates that too many users have privileged access to resources.
`
`You need to deploy a privileged access management solution that meets the following requirements:
`
`• Enforces time limits on the use of privileged access
`• Requires approval to activate privileged access
`• Minimizes costs
`
`What should you do first?

- [ ] Configure notifications when privileged roles are activated.
- [ ] Configure alerts for the activation of privileged roles.
- [ ] Enforce Azure Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) for role activation.
- [x] Upgrade the license of the Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) tenant.

#### 00157::
`You plan to create a GitHub workflow that will use GitHub Actions. The actions will require a 256-KB secret.
`
`You need to recommend a solution to store and encrypt the secret. The secret value must be accessible only to the workflow. The solution must minimize administrative effort
`
`What should you recommend?

- [ ] Store the secret in the organization-level GitHub secrets.
- [ ] Store the secret in the repository-level GitHub secrets.
- [x] Encrypt the secret value and store the value in the repository. Store the decryption key in the repository-level GitHub secrets.
- [ ] Encrypt the secret value and store the value in the repository. Store the decryption key in the organization-level GitHub secrets.


#### 00158::
`You have a GitHub Enterprise account.
`
`You need to enable push protection for secret scanning of the account repositories.
`
`What should you do first?

- [x] Purchase a GitHub Advanced Security license.
- [ ] Purchase Premium Plus support.
- [ ] Enforce multi-factor authentication (MFA).
- [ ] Create an access policy for secrets.

#### 00159::
`Your company has a project in Azure DevOps named Project1.
`
`All the developers at the company have Windows 10 devices.
`
`You need to create a Git repository for Project1. The solution must meet the following requirements:
`
`• Support large binary files.
`• Store binary files outside of the repository.
`• Use a standard Git workflow to maintain the metadata of the binary files by using commits to the repository.
`
`Which three actions should you perform in sequence on each developer’s device? To answer, move the appropriate actions from the list of actions to the answer area and arrange them in the correct order.

- [-] Configure SSH key-based authentication.
- [0] Configure personal access token (PAT)-based authentication.
- [1] Perform a custom installation of Git for Windows that includes Git Virtual File System (GVFS)
- [2] Configure Git Large File Storage (LFS) file tracking.
- [-] Perform a custom installation of Git for Windows that includes Git Large File Storage (LFS).


#### 0160::
`You are designing the development process for your company.
`You need to recommend a solution for continuous inspection of the company's code base to locate common code patterns that are known to be problematic.
`What should you include in the recommendation?

- [ ] Microsoft Visual Studio test plans
- [ ] Gradle wrapper scripts
- [x] SonarCloud analysis
- [ ] the JavaScript task runner

#### 00161::
`The lead developer at your company reports that adding new application features takes longer than expected due to a large accumulated technical debt.
`You need to recommend changes to reduce the accumulated technical debt.
`Solution: You recommend reducing the code coupling and the dependency cycles?

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No

#### 00162::
`Your company uses Azure DevOps for the build pipelines and deployment pipelines of Java-based projects.
`You need to recommend a strategy for managing technical debt.
`Which two actions should you include in the recommendation? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.

- [ ] Configure post-deployment approvals in the deployment pipeline.
- [x] Configure pre-deployment approvals in the deployment pipeline.
- [x] Integrate Azure DevOps and SonarQube.
- [ ] Integrate Azure DevOps and Azure DevTest Labs.

#### 00163::
`Your company is building a new solution in Java.
`The company currently uses a SonarQube server to analyze the code of .NET solutions.
`You need to analyze and monitor the code quality of the Java solution.
`Which task types should you add to the build pipeline?

- [x] Gradle
- [ ] CocoaPods
- [ ] Grunt
- [ ] Gulp


#### 00164::Your company uses GitHub for source control. GitHub repositories store source code and store process documentation. The process documentation is saved as
`Microsoft Word documents that contain simple flow charts stored as .bmp files.
You need to optimize the integration and versioning of the process documentation and the flow charts. `The solution must meet the following requirements:
`✑ Store documents as plain text.
`✑ Minimize the number of files that must be maintained.
`✑ Simplify the modification, merging, and reuse of flow charts.
`Simplify the modification, merging, and reuse of documents.

- [ ] Convert the .docx files to: LaTex Typesetting (.tex)
- [x] Convert the .docx files to: Markdown (.md)
- [ ] Convert the .docx files to: Portable Document Format (.pdf)
- [x] Convert the flow charts to: Mermaid diagrams
- [ ] Convert the flow charts to: Portable Network Graphics (.png)
- [ ] Convert the flow charts to: Tagged Image File Format (.tiff)



#### 00165::
`Your company is building a new solution in Java.
`The company currently uses a SonarQube server to analyze the code of .NET solutions.
`You need to analyze and monitor the code quality of the Java solution.
`Which task types should you add to the build pipeline?

- [ ] Grunt
- [ ] Octopus
- [x] Maven
- [ ] Gulp

#### 00166::
`You are developing a full Microsoft .NET Framework solution that includes unit tests.
`You need to configure SonarQube to perform a code quality validation of the C# code as part of the build pipelines.
`Which four tasks should you perform in sequence? To answer, move the appropriate tasks from the list of tasks to the answer area and arrange them in the correct order.

- [3] Run Code Analysis
- [2] Visual Studio Test
- [-] Publish Build Artifacts
- [1] Visual Studio Build
- [0] Prepare Analysis Configuration

#### 00167::
`Your company uses Azure DevOps for the build pipelines and deployment pipelines of Java-based projects.
`You need to recommend a strategy for managing technical debt.
`Which action should you include in the recommendation?

- [ ] Configure post-deployment approvals in the deployment pipeline.
- [x] Integrate Azure DevOps and SonarQube.
- [ ] Integrate Azure DevOps and Azure DevTest Labs.

#### 00168::You need to find and isolate shared code. The shared code will be maintained in a series of packages.
`Which three actions should you perform in sequence? To answer, move the appropriate actions from the list of actions to the answer area and arrange them in the correct order.

- [1] Group the related components.
- [2] Assign ownership to each component group.
- [0] Create a dependency graph for the application.
- [-] Identify the most common language used.
- [-] Rewrite the components in the most common language.


#### 00169::
`You are creating a NuGet package.
`You plan to distribute the package to your development team privately.
`You need to share the package and test that the package can be consumed.
`Which four actions should you perform in sequence? To answer, move the appropriate actions from the list of actions to the answer area and arrange them in the correct order.

- [1] Create a new Azure Artifacts feed.
- [0] Configure a self-hosted agent.
- [2] Publish a package.
- [-] install a package.
- [3] Connect to an Azure Artifacts feed.


#### Q170::During a code review, you discover many quality issues. Many modules contain unused variables and empty catch blocks.
`You need to recommend a solution to improve the quality of the code.
`What should you recommend?

- [ ] In a Grunt build task, select Enabled from Control Options.
- [x] In a Maven build task, select Run PMD.
- [ ] In a Xcode build task, select Use xcpretty from Advanced.
- [ ] In a Gradle build task, select Run Checkstyle.

#### 00171::Your development team is building a new web solution by using the Microsoft Visual Studio integrated development environment (IDE).
`You need to make a custom package available to all the developers. The package must be managed centrally, and the latest version must be available for consumption in Visual Studio automatically.
`Which three actions should you perform? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.

- [x] Publish the package to a feed.
- [x] Create a new feed in Azure Artifacts.
- [ ] Upload a package to a Git repository.
- [ ] Add the package URL to the Environment settings in Visual Studio.
- [x] Add the package URL to the NuGet Package Manager settings in Visual Studio.
- [ ] Create a Git repository in Azure Repos.

#### 00172::You use GitHub for source control.
`A file that contains sensitive data is committed accidentally to the Git repository of a project.
`You need to delete the file and its history form the repository.
`Which two tools can you use? Each correct answer presents a complete solution.

- [x] the git filter-branch command
- [x] BFG Repo-Cleaner
- [ ] the git rebase command
- [ ] GitHub Desktop

#### 00173::Your company uses GitHub for source control. The company has a team that performs code reviews.
`You need to automate the assignment of the code reviews. The solution must meet the following requirements:
`✑ Prioritize the assignment of code reviews to team members who have the fewest outstanding assignments.
`✑ Ensure that each team member performs an equal number of code reviews in any 30-day period.
`✑ Prevent the assignment of code reviews to the team leader.
`Which two actions should you perform? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.

- [ ] Clear Never assign certain team members.
- [ ] Select If assigning team members, don't notify the entire team.
- [x] Select Never assign certain team members.
- [ ] Set Routing algorithm to Round robin.
- [x] Set Routing algorithm to Load balance.


#### 00174::You have a GitHub repository.
`You create a new repository in Azure DevOps.
`You need to recommend a procedure to clone the repository from GitHub to Azure DevOps.

- [ ] Create a pull request.
- [ ] Create a webhook.
- [ ] Create a service connection for GitHub.
- [x] From Import a Git repository, click Import.
- [ ] Create a personal access token in Azure DevOps.


#### 00175::The lead developer at your company reports that adding new application features takes longer than expected due to a large accumulated technical debt.
`You need to recommend changes to reduce the accumulated technical debt.
`Solution: You recommend increasing the code duplication.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### 00176::The lead developer at your company reports that adding new application features takes longer than expected due to a large accumulated technical debt.
`You need to recommend changes to reduce the accumulated technical debt.
`Solution: You recommend increasing the test coverage.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### 00157 ::The lead developer at your company reports that adding new application features takes longer than expected due to a large accumulated technical debt.
`You need to recommend changes to reduce the accumulated technical debt.
`Solution: You recommend reducing the code complexity.

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No


#### 00158::
`During a code review, you discover quality issues in a Java application.
`You need to recommend a solution to detect quality issues including unused variables and empty catch blocks.
`What should you recommend?

- [x] In a Maven build task, select Run PMD.
- [ ] In an Xcode build task, select Use xcpretty from Advanced.
- [ ] In a Gulp build task, specify a custom condition expression.
- [ ] In a Grunt build task, select Enabled from Control Options.



#### 00159::You use Azure Artifacts to host NuGet packages that you create.
`You need to make one of the packages available to anonymous users outside your organization. The solution must minimize the number of publication points.
`What should you do?

- [ ] Change the feed URL of the package
- [x] Create a new feed for the package
- [ ] Promote the package to a release view.
- [ ] Publish the package to a public NuGet repository.


#### 00180 ::
`You use GitHub for source control and project-related discussions.
`You receive a notification when an entry is made to any team discussion.
`You need to ensure that you receive email notifications only for discussions in which you commented or in which you are mentioned.
`Which two Notifications settings should you clear? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.

- [x] Automatically watch teams
- [ ] Participating
- [x] Automatically watch repositories
- [ ] Watching

#### 00181::You have an Azure Automation account that contains a runbook. The runbook is used to configure the application infrastructure of an Azure subscription.
`
`You have a project in Azure DevOps named Project1. Project1 contains a repository that stores code for the runbook.
`
`You need to ensure that every committed change to the code will update automatically and publish the runbook to Azure Automation.
`
`What should you configure?

- [ ] the Service hooks settings for Project1
- [ ] the Connections settings for the Automation account
- [x] the Source control settings for the Automation account
- [ ] the Service connections settings for Project1

#### 00182::
`You use Git for source control.
`
`You enable GitHub code scanning.
`
`You raise a pull request from a non-default branch. In the code scanning output, you receive the following error message: “Analysis not found.”
`
`You need to ensure that the code scanning completes successfully for the pull request.
`
`Which two actions should you perform? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.

- [ ] Add the name of the default branch to the on: push specification in the code scanning workflow.
- [x] Add the name of the non-default branch to the on:push specification in the code scanning workflow.
- [ ] Delete the pull request, and then raise the request again from the default branch.
- [x] Update the code in the pull request.
- [ ] Add a new workflow for code scanning.


#### 00183::You have a GitHub repository named repo1 that stores the code of an app named App1.
`
`You need deploy a workflow for repo1 by using GitHub Actions. The solution must meet the following requirements:
`
`• Scan on pushes to the main branch.
`• Scan on pull requests to the main branch.
`• Scan on pull requests to any branch that has a prefix of releases/.
`• Scan all the files in the subdirectories of the src directory.
`• Exclude scanning of markdown files.
`
`How should you complete the code? To answer, drag the appropriate values to the correct targets. Each value may be used once, more than once, or not at all. You may need to drag the split bar between panes or scroll to view content.

- [ ] 
`on:
`    push:
`        branches: [main]
`    pull_request:
`        branches:
`    - main
`        '**/*.md'
`        paths:
`        '*.md'
`        paths-ignore:
`        'release*'


- [ ] 
`on:
`    push:
`        branches: [main]
`    pull_request:
`        branches:
`    - main
`        'releases*'
`        paths:
`        '**/*.md'
`        paths-ignore:
`        'src/**'


- [x] 
`on:
`    push:
`        branches: [main]
`    pull_request:
`        branches:
`    - main
`        'releases/**'
`        paths:
`        'src/**'
`        paths-ignore:
`        '**/*.md'


- [ ] 
`on:
`    push:
`        branches: [main]
`    pull_request:
`        branches:
`    - main
`        'releases/**'
`        paths:
`        'src/*'
`        paths-ignore:
`        '*.md'

#### 00184::
`You have a GitHub repository that contains multiple versions of an Azure Pipelines template.
`
`You plan to deploy multiple pipelines that will use a template stored in the repository.
`
`You need to ensure that you use a fixed version of the template.
`
`What should you use to reference which version of the template repository to use?

- [ ] the serial
- [ ] the SHA-based hashes
- [ ] the runner
- [x] the branch


#### 00185::You have the repositories shown in the following table.
`
`|Type|URL|
`|Azure Repos|https://dev.azure.com/contoso/project1/_git/project1.git|
`|GitHub|https://github.com/contoso/project.git|
`
`You need to migrate the contents of the GitHub repository to the Azure Repos repository. The solution must ensure that the Azure Repos repository only contains branches and history from the GitHub repository.
`
`Which three commands should you run in sequence? To answer, move the appropriate commands from the list of commands to the answer area and arrange them in the correct order.

- [-] git clone --bare https://dev.azure.com/contoso/project1/_git/proj
- [-] cd project1
- [0] git clone --bare https://github.com/contoso/project1.git
- [-] git push --mirror https://dev.azure.com/contoso/project1/_git/proj
- [1] cd project1.git
- [2] git push --mirror https://github.com/contoso/project1.git


#### 00186::You have a GitHub repository that contains the code for an app named App1.
`App1 depends on a library of functions from a repository at https://github.com/contoso/afeed.
`
`You need to keep a clone of the afeed repository as a subdirectory of the App1 repository.
`
`How should you complete the Git command? To answer, drag the appropriate values to the correct targets. Each value may be used once, more than once, or not at all. You may need to drag the split bar between panes or scroll to view content.

- [ ] git add branch https://github.com/contoso/afeed
- [x] git clone branch https://github.com/contoso/afeed
- [ ] git clone pull https://github.com/contoso/afeed
- [ ] git clone submodule https://github.com/contoso/afeed


#### 00187::You use Git for source control.
`You need to optimize the performance of a repository. The solution must meet the following requirements:
`
`• Permanently remove all items referenced only in the reflog.
`• Remove history that is NOT in any current branch.
`
`How should you complete the command? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.

- [x] 
`git reflog expire --expire-unreachable=nom --all
`git gc --prune=now


- [ ] 
`git gc expire --expire-unreachable=nom --all
`git gc --prune=all

- [ ] 
`git reflog expire --expire-unreachable=nom --all
`git init --prune=now

- [ ] 
`git reset expire --expire-unreachable=nom --all
`git reflog --prune=reset

- [ ] 
`git stash expire --expire-unreachable=nom --all
`git reset --prune=true

#### 00188::You have an Azure Repos Git repository named repo1.
`
`You need to ensure that you can authenticate to repo1 by using SSH.
`
`Which four actions should you perform in sequence? To answer, move the appropriate actions from the list of actions to the answer area and arrange them in the correct order.

- [ ] Microsoft Visual SourceSafe
- [ ] Code Style
- [x] Black Duck
- [ ] Jenkins



#### 00189::You use Git for source control.

You delete a file, commit the changes, and continue to work.

You need to recover the deleted file.

Which three commands should you run in sequence? To answer, move the appropriate commands from the list of commands to the answer area and arrange them in the correct order.




#### 00190::You use Git for source control. You have an app named App1.
`
`In the main branch, you need to restore the third most recent revision of a file named App.exe.config.
`
`How should you complete the command? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.



#### 00191::
`You company uses a Git source-code repository.
`
`You plan to implement GitFlow as a workflow strategy.
`
`You need to identify which branch types are used for production code and preproduction code in the strategy.
`
Which branch type should you identify for each code type? To answer, select the appropriate options in `the answer area.


#### 00192::
`Your company has 60 developers who are assigned to four teams. Each team has 15 members.
`The company uses an agile development methodology.
`You need to structure the work of the development teams so that each team owns their respective work while working together to reach a common goal.
`Which parts of the taxonomy should you enable the team to perform autonomously?


- [ ] Features and Tasks
- [ ] Initiatives and Epics
- [ ] Epics and Features
- [x] Stories and Tasks

#### 00193::
`Your company creates a new Azure DevOps team.
`You plan to use Azure DevOps for sprint planning.
`You need to visualize the flow of your work by using an agile methodology.
`Which Azure DevOps component should you use?

- [x] Kanban boards
- [ ] sprint planning
- [ ] delivery plans
- [ ] portfolio backlogs

#### 00194::
`Your company implements an Agile development methodology.
`You plan to implement retrospectives at the end of each sprint.
`Which three questions should you include? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.

- [ ] Who performed well?
- [ ] Who should have performed better?
- [x] What could have gone better?
- [x] What went well?
- [x] What should we try next?

#### 00195::
`Your team uses an agile development approach.
`You need to recommend a branching strategy for the team's Git repository. The strategy must meet the following requirements.
`✑ Provide the ability to work on multiple independent tasks in parallel.
`✑ Ensure that checked-in code remains in a releasable state always.
`✑ Ensure that new features can be abandoned at any time.
`✑ Encourage experimentation.
`What should you recommend?

- [ ] a single long-running branch without forking
- [ ] multiple long-running branches
- [ ] a single fork per team member
- [x] a single long-running branch with multiple short-lived feature branches

#### 00196::
`You integrate a cloud-hosted Jenkins server and a new Azure DevOps deployment.
`You need Azure DevOps to send a notification to Jenkins when a developer commits changes to a branch in Azure Repos.
`Solution: You create a service hook subscription that uses the build completed event.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### 00197::
`You have a project in Azure DevOps that has a release pipeline.
`You need to integrate work item tracking and an Agile project management system to meet the following  requirements:
`✑ Ensure that developers can track whether their commits are deployed to production.
`✑ Report the deployment status.
`✑ Minimize integration effort.
`Which system should you use?

- [ ] Asana
- [ ] Basecamp
- [ ] Trello
- [x] Jira

#### 00198::
`You plan to onboard 10 new developers.
`You need to recommend a development environment that meets the following requirements:
`✑ Integrates with GitHub
`✑ Provides integrated debugging tools
`✑ Supports remote workers and hot-desking environments
`✑ Supports developers who use browsers, tablets, and Chromebooks
`What should you recommend?

- [ ] VS Code
- [ ] Xamarin Studio
- [ ] MonoDevelop
- [x] Github Codespaces


#### 00199::
`You integrate a cloud-hosted Jenkins server and a new Azure DevOps deployment.
`You need Azure DevOps to send a notification to Jenkins when a developer commits changes to a branch in Azure Repos.
`Solution: You create an email subscription to an Azure DevOps notification.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### 00200::
`You integrate a cloud-hosted Jenkins server and a new Azure DevOps deployment.
`You need Azure DevOps to send a notification to Jenkins when a developer commits changes to a branch in Azure Repos.
`Solution: You create a service hook subscription that uses the code pushed event.

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No
