##   5°_201-250_v1104.1033


#### 00201::You integrate a cloud-hosted Jenkins server and a new Azure DevOps deployment.
`You need Azure DevOps to send a notification to Jenkins when a developer commits changes to a branch in Azure Repos.
`Solution: You add a trigger to the build pipeline.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### 00202::You plan to create in Azure DevOps. Multiple developers will work on the project. The developers will work offline frequently and will require access to the full project history while they are offline.
`Which version control solution should you use?

- [ ] Team Foundation Version Control
- [x] Git
- [ ] TortoiseSVN
- [ ] Subversion




#### 00203::You plan to onboard 10 new developers.
`You need to recommend a development environment that meets the following requirements:
`✑ Integrates with GitHub
`✑ Provides integrated debugging tools
`✑ Supports remote workers and hot-desking environments
`✑ Supports developers who use browsers, tablets, and Chromebooks
`What should you recommend?

- [ ] VS Code
- [ ] Xamarin Studio
- [ ] MonoDevelop
- [x] Visual Studio Codespaces


#### 00204::
`You have a build pipeline in Azure Pipelines.
`You create a Slack App Integration.
`You need to send build notifications to a Slack channel named #Development.
`What should you do first?

- [ ] Create a project-level notification.
- [ ] Configure a service connection.
- [ ] Create a global notification.
- [x] Creates a service hook subscription.

#### 0205 ::
`You have an Azure DevOps organization named Contoso and an Azure subscription.
`You use Azure DevOps to build and deploy a web app named App1. Azure Monitor is configured to generate an email notification in response to alerts generated whenever App1 generates a server-side error.
`You need to receive notifications in Microsoft Teams whenever an Azure Monitor alert is generated.
`Which two actions should you perform? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.

- [ ] Create an Azure Monitor workbook.
- [x] Create an Azure logic app that has an HTTP request trigger.
- [ ] Create an Azure logic app that has an Azure DevOps trigger.
- [x] Modify an action group in Azure Monitor.
- [ ] Modify the Diagnostics settings in Azure Monitor.

#### 00206::
`Your company uses Azure DevOps for Git source control.
`You have a project in Azure DevOps named Contoso App that contains the following repositories:
`✑ https://dev.azure.com/contoso/contoso-app/core-api
`✑ https://dev.azure.com/contoso/contoso-app/core-spa
`✑ https://dev.azure.com/contoso/contoso-app/core-db
`You need to ensure that developers receive Slack notifications when there are pull requests created for Contoso App.
`What should you run in Slack? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.

- [ ] /azrepos feedback https://dev.azure.com/contoso/contoso-app
- [x] /azrepos subscribe https://dev.azure.com/contoso/contoso-app
- [ ] /azrepos signin https://dev.azure.com/contoso/contoso-app/core-api
- [ ] /azrepos subscribe https://dev.azure.com/contoso/contoso-app/core-db
- [ ] /azrepos subscriptions https://dev.azure.com/contoso/contoso-app/core-spa


#### 00207::
`You have an Azure DevOps organization that contains a project named Project1.
`You need to create a published wiki in Project1.
`What should you do first?

- [ ] Modify the Storage settings of Project1.
- [ ] In Project1, create an Azure DevOps pipeline.
- [x] In Project1, create an Azure DevOps repository.
- [ ] Modify the Team configuration settings of Project1.


#### 00208::
`Your company plans to use an agile approach to software development.
`You need to recommend an application to provide communication between members of the development team who work in locations around the world. The applications must meet the following requirements:
`✑ Provide the ability to isolate the members of different project teams into separate communication channels and to keep a history of the chats within those channels.
`✑ Be available on Windows 10, Mac OS, iOS, and Android operating systems.
`✑ Provide the ability to add external contractors and suppliers to projects.
`✑ Integrate directly with Azure DevOps.
`What should you recommend?

- [ ] Microsoft Project
- [ ] Bamboo
- [ ] Microsoft Lync
- [x] Microsoft Teams

#### 00209::
`You are developing a multi-tier application. The application will use Azure App Service web apps as the front end and an Azure SQL database as the back end.
`The application will use Azure functions to write some data to Azure Storage.
`You need to send the Azure DevOps team an email message when the front end fails to return a status code of 200.
`Which feature should you use?

- [ ] Service Map in Azure Log Analytics
- [x] availability tests in Azure Application Insights
- [ ] Profiler in Azure Application Insights
- [ ] Application Map in Azure Application Insights

#### 0210::
`You have a project in Azure DevOps named Project1. Project1 contains a published wiki.
`You need to change the order of pages in the navigation pane of the published wiki in the Azure DevOps portal.
`What should you do?


- [x] At the root of the wiki, create a file named .order that defines the page hierarchy.
- [ ] At the root of the wiki, create a file named wiki.md that defines the page hierarchy.
- [ ] Rename the pages in the navigation pane.
- [ ] Drag and drop the pages in the navigation pane.

#### 00211::
`You have a GitHub organization named org1 and an Azure tenant named Tenant1.
`You need to enable single sign-on (SSO) in Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) for the users in org1.
`Which URIs should you use for the SAML configuration in Azure AD? To answer, drag the appropriate URIs to the correct settings. Each URI may be used once, more than once, or not at all. You may need to drag the split bar between panes or scroll to view content.


- [x] Identifier (Entity ID): https://github.com/orgs/org1
- [ ] Identifier (Entity ID): https://github.com/orgs/org1/sso
- [ ] Identifier (Entity ID): https://login.microsoftonline.com/tenant1
- [ ] Identifier (Entity ID): https://github.com/orgs/orgs1/saml/consume
- [ ] Identifier (Entity ID): https://login.microsoftonline.com/tenant1.com


- [ ] Reply URL (Assertion Consumer Service URL): https://github.com/orgs/org1
- [ ] Reply URL (Assertion Consumer Service URL): https://github.com/orgs/org1/sso
- [ ] Reply URL (Assertion Consumer Service URL): https://login.microsoftonline.com/tenant1
- [x] Reply URL (Assertion Consumer Service URL): https://github.com/orgs/orgs1/saml/consume
- [ ] Reply URL (Assertion Consumer Service URL): https://login.microsoftonline.com/tenant1.com


- [ ] Sign on URL: https://github.com/orgs/org1
- [x] Sign on URL: https://github.com/orgs/org1/sso
- [ ] Sign on URL: https://login.microsoftonline.com/tenant1
- [ ] Sign on URL: https://github.com/orgs/orgs1/saml/consume
- [ ] Sign on URL: https://login.microsoftonline.com/tenant1.com


#### 00212::
`Your company plans to use an agile approach to software development.
`You need to recommend an application to provide communication between members of the development team who work in locations around the world. The applications must meet the following requirements:
`✑ Provide the ability to isolate the members of different project teams into separate communication channels and to keep a history of the chats within those channels.
`✑ Be available on Windows 10, Mac OS, iOS, and Android operating systems.
`✑ Provide the ability to add external contractors and suppliers to projects.
`✑ Integrate directly with Azure DevOps.
`What should you recommend?


- [ ] Skype for Business
- [ ] Bamboo
- [ ] Octopus
- [x] Slack

#### 00213::
`You are designing a YAML template for use with Azure Pipelines. The template will include the outputfile parameter.
`Which two methods can you use to reference the parameter? Each correct answer presents a complete solution.

- [x] ${{parameters.outputfile}}
- [ ] $(parameters['outputfile'])
- [ ] $(parameters.outputfile)
- [ ] $(parameters[outputfile])
- [x] ${{parameters['outputfile']}}


#### 00214::
`You have a pipeline named Pipeline1 in Azure Pipelines.
`
`You need to create a service connection to enable Pipeline1 to download a public container image.
`
`Which type of service connection should you create?


- [ ] a Docker host
- [x] a Docker registry
- [ ] Azure Service Fabric
- [ ] Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS)


#### 00215::
`You have a project in Azure DevOps named Project1 that contains a Kanban board named Board1.
`
`You create a Microsoft Teams channel and add the Azure Boards app to the channel.
`
`You need to ensure that users can create work items in Board1 from Microsoft Teams.
`
`Which command should you run?

- [ ] @azure boards subscriptions
- [ ] @azure boards create
- [ ] @azure boards sign in
- [x] @azure boards link

#### 00216::
`You manage a project by using Azure Board, and you manage the project code by using Azure Repos.
`
`You have a bug work item that has an ID of 123.
`
`You need to set the work item state to Resolved.
`
`What should you add to the commit message?

- [ ] #123 completes
- [ ] #123 Resolved
- [ ] Completed #123
- [x] Fixes #123

#### 00217::
`You have an Azure subscription that contains a storage account and 20 virtual machines.
`
`You plan to use LogRhythm for aggregation and analysis of the virtual machine logs.
`
`You need to configure AzLog to export the logs and push them to the storage account.
`
`In which format should you export the logs?

- [x] JSON
- [ ] EVTX
- [ ] EVT
- [ ] binary

#### 00218::
`You use Exabeam Fusion SIEM and the Azure cloud platform.
`
`You need to integrate Exabeam and Azure. The solution must use OAuth authentication.
`
`Which three actions should you perform in sequence? To answer, move the appropriate actions from the list of actions to the answer area and arrange them in the correct order.

- [-] Upload a certificate.
- [0] Create a client secret.
- [1] Register an Exabeam application in Microsoft Azure Active Directory (Azure AD), part of Microsoft Entra.
- [2] Configure the Exabeam Azure cloud connector.
- [-] Configure API permissions.


#### 00219::
`You use GitHub for source control and Azure Boards for project management. GitHub and Azure Boards are integrated.
`
`You plan to create a pull request in GitHub.
`
`You need to automatically link the request to an existing Azure Boards work item by using the text of AB#.
`
`To which two elements can you add the text? Each correct answer presents a complete solution.

- [ ] milestone
- [ ] label
- [x] title
- [ ] comment
- [x] description


#### Q220::
`You need to recommend an integration strategy for the build process of a Java application. The  solution must meet the following requirements:
`✑ The build must access an on-premises dependency management system.
`✑ The build outputs must be stored as Server artifacts in Azure DevOps.
`✑ The source code must be stored in a Git repository in Azure DevOps.
`Solution: Configure the build pipeline to use a Microsoft-hosted agent pool running the Windows Server 2019 with Visual Studio 2019 image. Include the Java Tool
`Installer task in the build pipeline.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### 00221::
`You have a project in Azure DevOps.
`You create the following YAML template named Template1.yml.
`steps:
`- script: npm install
`- script: yarn install
`- script: npm run compile
`You create the following pipeline named File1.yml.
`parameters:
`usersteps:
`- task: MyTask@1
`- script: echo Done
`You need to ensure that Template1.yaml runs before File1.yml.
`How should you update File1.yml?


- [ ] parameters: usersteps: extends: template: template1.yml - task: MyTask@1 - script: echo Done
- [ ] template: template1.yml parameters: usersteps: - task: MyTask@1 - script: echo Done
- [x] extends: template: templatel.yml parameters: usersteps: - task: MyTask@1 - script: echo Done
- [ ] parameters: usersteps: - template: templatel.yml - task: MyTask@1 - script: echo Done

#### 00222::
`You have an Azure solution that contains a build pipeline in Azure Pipelines.
`You experience intermittent delays before the build pipeline starts.
`You need to reduce the time it takes to start the build pipeline.
`What should you do?

- [x] Enable self-hosted build agents.
- [ ] Create a new agent pool.
- [ ] Split the build pipeline into multiple stages.
- [ ] Purchase an additional parallel job.

#### 00223::
`You need to recommend an integration strategy for the build process of a Java application. The solution must meet the following requirements:
`✑ The build must access an on-premises dependency management system.
`✑ The build outputs must be stored as Server artifacts in Azure DevOps.
`✑ The source code must be stored in a Git repository in Azure DevOps.
`Solution: Configure the build pipeline to use a Microsoft-hosted agent pool running a Linux image.  Include the Java Tool Installer task in the build pipeline.


- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### 00224::
`You store source code in a Git repository in Azure Repos. You use a third-party continuous integration (CI) tool to control builds.
`What will Azure DevOps use to authenticate with the tool?

- [ ] certificate authentication
- [x] a personal access token (PAT)
- [ ] a Shared Access Signature (SAS) token
- [ ] NTLM authentication


#### 00225::
`You are configuring Azure Pipelines for three projects in Azure DevOps as shown in the following table.
`
`|Project name|Project Details|
`|Project 1|The project team provides preconfigured YAML files that it wants to use to manage future pipeline configuration changes.|
`|Project 2|The sensitivity of the project requires that the source code be hosted on the managed Windows server on your company's network.|
`|Project 3|The project team requires a centralized version control system to ensure that developers work with the most recent version.|
`
`Which version control system should you recommend for each project? To answer, drag the appropriate version control systems to the correct projects. Each version control system may be used once, more than once, or not at all. You may need to drag the split bar between panes or scroll to view content.

- [ ] Project1: Assembla Subversion
- [ ] Project1: Bitbucket Cloud
- [x] Project1: Git in Azure Repos
- [ ] Project1: Github Enterprise

- [ ] Project2: Assembla Subversion
- [ ] Project2: Bitbucket Cloud
- [ ] Project2: Git in Azure Repos
- [x] Project2: Github Enterprise

- [ ] Project3: Assembla Subversion
- [x] Project3: Bitbucket Cloud
- [ ] Project3: Git in Azure Repos
- [ ] Project3: Github Enterprise



#### 00226::
`You need to recommend an integration strategy for the build process of a Java application. The solution must meet the following requirements:
`✑ The builds must access an on-premises dependency management system.
`✑ The build outputs must be stored as Server artifacts in Azure DevOps.
`✑ The source code must be stored in a Git repository in Azure DevOps.
`Solution: Configure an Octopus Tentacle on an on-premises machine. Use the Package Application task in the build pipeline.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### 00227 ::
`You need to recommend an integration strategy for the build process of a Java application. The solution must meet the following requirements:
`✑ The builds must access an on-premises dependency management system.
`✑ The build outputs must be stored as Server artifacts in Azure DevOps.
`The source code must be stored in a Git repository in Azure DevOps.
`
`Solution: Install and configure a self-hosted build agent on an on-premises machine. Configure the build pipeline to use the Default agent pool. Include the Java
`Tool Installer task in the build pipeline.

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No


#### 00228::
`
`You need to recommend an integration strategy for the build process of a Java application. The solution must meet the following requirements:
`✑ The builds must access an on-premises dependency management system.
`✑ The build outputs must be stored as Server artifacts in Azure DevOps.
`✑ The source code must be stored in a Git repository in Azure DevOps.
`Solution: Configure the build pipeline to use a Hosted VS 2019 agent pool. Include the Java Tool Installer task in the build pipeline.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### 00229::
`You need to recommend an integration strategy for the build process of a Java application. The  solution must meet the following requirements:
`✑ The builds must access an on-premises dependency management system.
`✑ The build outputs must be stored as Server artifacts in Azure DevOps.
`✑ The source code must be stored in a Git repository in Azure DevOps.
`Solution: Configure the build pipeline to use a Hosted Ubuntu agent pool. Include the Java Tool Installer task in the build pipeline.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### 00230 ::
`Your company uses a Git repository in Azure Repos to manage the source code of a web application. The master branch is protected from direct updates.
`Developers work on new features in the topic branches.
`Because of the high volume of requested features, it is difficult to follow the history of the changes to the master branch.
`You need to enforce a pull request merge strategy. The strategy must meet the following requirements:
`✑ Consolidate commit histories.
`✑ Merge the changes into a single commit.
`Which merge strategy should you use in the branch policy?

- [x] squash merge
- [ ] fast-forward merge
- [ ] Git fetch
- [ ] no-fast-forward merge

#### 00231::
`Your company uses cloud-hosted Jenkins for builds.
`You need to ensure that Jenkins can retrieve source code from Azure Repos.
`Which three actions should you perform? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.

- [ ] Create a webhook in Jenkins.
- [ ] Add the Team Foundation Server (TFS) plug-in to Jenkins.
- [x] Add a personal access token to your Jenkins account.
- [x] Create a personal access token (PAT) in your Azure DevOps account.
- [x] Create a service hook in Azure DevOps.

#### 00232::
`Your company has four projects. The version control requirements for each project are shown in the following table.
`
`|Project|Requirement|
`|Project1|Project leads must be able to restrict access to individual files and folders in the repository.|
`|Project2|The version control system must enforce the following rules on the server before merging any changes to the main branch: - changes must be reviewed by at least two project members. - Changes must be associated by at least one work item|
`|Project3|The project members must be able to work in Azure Repos directly from Xcode.|
`|Project4|The release branch must only be viewable or editable by the project leads. |
`You plan to use Azure Repos for all the projects.
`Which version control system should you use for each project? To answer, drag the appropriate version control systems to the correct projects. Each version control system may be used once, more than once, or not at all. You may need to drag the split bar between panes or scroll to view content.


- [ ] Project 1: Git
- [ ] Project 1: Perforce
- [ ] Project 1: Subversion
- [x] Project 1: Team Fondation Version Control

- [x] Project 2: Git
- [ ] Project 2: Perforce
- [ ] Project 2: Subversion
- [ ] Project 2: Team Fondation Version Control

- [ ] Project 3: Git
- [ ] Project 3: Perforce
- [x] Project 3: Subversion
- [ ] Project 3: Team Fondation Version Control

- [x] Project 4: Git
- [ ] Project 4: Perforce
- [ ] Project 4: Subversion
- [ ] Project 4: Team Fondation Version Control


#### 00233::
`You are automating the build process for a Java-based application by using Azure DevOps.
`You need to add code coverage testing and publish the outcomes to the pipeline.
`What should you use?

- [ ] Bullseye Coverage
- [ ] JUnit
- [x] JaCoCo
- [ ] MSTest

#### 00234::
`You company uses Azure DevOps to deploy infrastructures to Azure.
`Pipelines are developed by using YAML.
`You execute a pipeline and receive the results in the web portal for Azure Pipelines as shown in the following exhibit.
`
`Use the drop-down menus to select the answer choice that completes each statement based on the information presented in the graphic.

- [ ] The pipeline contains one stage
- [ ] The pipeline contains two stages
- [ ] The pipeline contains three stages
- [x] The pipeline contains four stages
- [ ] The pipeline contains five stages

- [x] Build_vm contains one job
- [ ] Build_vm contains two jobs
- [ ] Build_vm contains three jobs
- [ ] Build_vm contains four jobs
- [ ] Build_vm contains five jobs



#### 00235::
`You are configuring Azure DevOps build pipelines.
`You plan to use hosted build agents.
`Which build agent pool should you use to compile each application type? To answer, drag the appropriate build agent pools to the correct application types. Each build agent pool may be used once, more than once, or not at all. You may need to drag the split bar between panes or scroll to view content.

- [ ] An application that runs on IOS: Hosted Windows Container
- [ ] An application that runs on IOS: Hosted Linux
- [x] An application that runs on IOS: Hosted macOS
- [ ] An application that runs on IOS: Hosted 
- [ ] An application that runs on IOS: Default

- [ ] An Internet Information Services (IIS) web application that runs in Docker: Hosted Windows Container
- [ ] An Internet Information Services (IIS) web application that runs in Docker: Hosted Linux
- [ ] An Internet Information Services (IIS) web application that runs in Docker: Hosted macOS
- [x] An Internet Information Services (IIS) web application that runs in Docker: Hosted 
- [ ] An Internet Information Services (IIS) web application that runs in Docker: Default


#### 00236::
`You are automating the build process for a Java-based application by using Azure DevOps.
`You need to add code coverage testing and publish the outcomes to the pipeline.
`What should you use?

- [x] Cobertura
- [ ] Bullseye Coverage
- [ ] MSTest
- [ ] Coverlet

#### 00237::
`You have an existing build pipeline in Azure Pipelines.
`You need to use incremental builds without purging the environment between pipeline executions.
`What should you use?

- [x] a self-hosted agent
- [ ] Microsoft-hosted parallel jobs
- [ ] a File Transform task


#### 00238::
`You are designing YAML-based Azure pipelines for the apps shown in the following table.
`
`|Name|Platform|Release requirements|
`|App1|Azure virtual machine|Replace a fixed set of existing instances of the previous version of App1 with instances of the new version of the app in each iteration.|
`|App2|Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) cluster|Roll out a limited deployment of the new version of App2 to validate the functionality of the app. Once testing is successful, expand the rollout.|
`
`You need to configure the YAML strategy value for each app. The solution must minimize app downtime.
Which value should you configure for each app? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.

- [ ] App1: canary
- [x] App1: rolling
- [ ] App1: runonce

- [x] App2: canary
- [ ] App2: rolling
- [ ] App2: runonce

#### 00239::
`You have a private project in Azure DevOps.
`You need to ensure that a project manager can create custom work item queries to report on the project's progress. The solution must use the principle of least privilege.
`To which security group should you add the project manager?


- [ ] Reader
- [ ] Project Collection Administrators
- [ ] Project Administrators
- [x] Contributor

#### 00240::
`Your company has a project in Azure DevOps for a new application. The application will be deployed to several Azure virtual machines that run Windows Server
`2019.
`You need to recommend a deployment strategy for the virtual machines. The strategy must meet the following requirements:
`✑ Ensure that the virtual machines maintain a consistent configuration.
`✑ Minimize administrative effort to configure the virtual machines.
`What should you include in the recommendation?

- [x] Azure Resource Manager templates and the PowerShell Desired State Configuration (DSC) extension for Windows
- [ ] Deployment YAML and Azure pipeline deployment groups
- [ ] Azure Resource Manager templates and the Custom Script Extension for Windows
- [ ] Deployment YAML and Azure pipeline stage templates

#### 00241::
`You have an Azure DevOps project that uses many package feeds.
`You need to simplify the project by using a single feed that stores packages produced by your company and packages consumed from remote feeds. The solution must support public feeds and authenticated feeds.
`What should you enable in DevOps?

- [ ] Universal Packages
- [x] upstream sources
- [ ] views in Azure Artifacts
- [ ] a symbol server

#### 00242::
`Your company has two virtual machines that run Linux in a third-party public cloud.
`You plan to use the company's Azure Automation State Configuration implementation to manage the two virtual machines and detect configuration drift.
`You need to onboard the Linux virtual machines.
`You install PowerShell Desired State Configuration (DSC) on the virtual machines, and then run register.py.
`Which three actions should you perform next in sequence? To answer, move the actions from the list of actions to the answer area and arrange them in the correct order.

- [0] Create a DSC metaconfiguration
- [1] Copy the metaconfiguration to the virtual machines
- [2] Add the virtual machines as DSC nodes in Azure Automation
- [-] Install Windows Management Framework 5.1 on the virtual machines
- [-] From the virtual machines, run setdsclocalconfigurationmanager.py


#### 00243::
`You plan to deploy a runbook that will create Azure AD user accounts.
`You need to ensure that runbooks can run the Azure PowerShell cmdlets for Azure Active Directory. 
`To complete this task, sign in to the Microsoft Azure portal.


#### 00244::
`You are creating a container for an ASP.NET Core app.
`You need to create a Dockerfile file to build the image. The solution must ensure that the size of the image is minimized.
`How should you configure the file? To answer, drag the appropriate values to the correct targets. Each value may be used once, more than once, or not at all. You may need to drag the split bar between panes or scroll to view content.

- [ ] 
`FROM dotnet publish -c Release -o out
`COPY . /app/
`WORKDIR /app
`RUN dotnet restore
`FROM mcr.microsoft.com/dotnet/aspnet:5.0
`COPY --from=build-env /app/out /app
`WORKDIR /app
`ENTRYPOINT ["dotnet"," MvcMovie.dll"]


- [x] 
`FROM mcr.microsoft.com/dotnet/sdk:5.0
`COPY . /app/
`WORKDIR /app
`RUN dotnet restore
`FROM mcr.microsoft.com/dotnet/aspnet:5.0
`COPY --from=build-env /app/out /app
`WORKDIR /app
`ENTRYPOINT ["dotnet"," MvcMovie.dll"]


- [ ] 
`FROM mcr.microsoft.com/dotnet/aspnet:5.0
`COPY . /app/
`WORKDIR /app
`RUN dotnet restore
`FROM mcr.microsoft.com/dotnet/aspnet:5.0
`COPY --from=build-env /app/out /app
`WORKDIR /app
`ENTRYPOINT ["dotnet"," MvcMovie.dll"]


- [ ] 
`FROM mcr.microsoft.com/dotnet/aspnet:5.0
`COPY . /app/
`WORKDIR /app
`RUN dotnet publish -c Release -o out
`FROM mcr.microsoft.com/dotnet/aspnet:5.0
`COPY --from=build-env /app/out /app
`WORKDIR /app
`ENTRYPOINT ["dotnet"," MvcMovie.dll"]


#### 00245::
`You are configuring the settings of a new Git repository in Azure Repos.
`You need to ensure that pull requests in a branch meet the following criteria before they are merged:
`✑ Committed code must compile successfully.
`✑ Pull requests must have a Quality Gate status of Passed in SonarCloud.
`Which policy type should you configure for each requirement? To answer, drag the appropriate policy types to the correct requirements. Each policy type may be used once, more than once, or not at all. You may need to drag the split bar between panes or scroll to view content.

- [ ] Commited code must compile successfully: A build policy
- [x] Commited code must compile successfully: A check-in policy
- [ ] Commited code must compile successfully: A status policy

- [x] Pull request must have a Quality Gate status of Passed in SonarCloud: A build policy
- [ ] Pull request must have a Quality Gate status of Passed in SonarCloud: A check-in policy
- [ ] Pull request must have a Quality Gate status of Passed in SonarCloud: A status policy


#### 00246::
`You use a Git repository in Azure Repos to manage the source code of a web application. Developers commit changes directly to the default branch.
`You need to implement a change management procedure that meets the following requirements:
`✑ The default branch must be protected, and new changes must be built in the feature branches first.
`✑ Changes must be reviewed and approved by at least one release manager before each merge.
`✑ Changes must be brought into the default branch by using pull requests.
`What should you configure in Azure Repos?

- [x] branch policies of the default branch
- [ ] Services in Project Settings
- [ ] Deployment pools in Project Settings
- [ ] branch security of the default branch


#### 00247::
`Your company uses Azure DevOps to manage the build and release processes for applications.
`You use a Git repository for applications source control.
`You need to implement a pull request strategy that reduces the history volume in the master branch.
`Solution: You implement a pull request strategy that uses fast-forward merges.


- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### 00248::
`Your company uses Azure DevOps to manage the build and release processes for applications.
`You use a Git repository for applications source control.
`You need to implement a pull request strategy that reduces the history volume in the master branch.
`Solution: You implement a pull request strategy that uses squash merges.

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No

#### 00249::
`Your company uses Azure DevOps to manage the build and release processes for applications.
`You use a Git repository for applications source control.
`You need to implement a pull request strategy that reduces the history volume in the master branch.
`Solution: You implement a pull request strategy that uses an explicit merge.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### 00250::
`Your company uses Azure DevOps to manage the build and release processes for applications.
`You use a Git repository for applications source control.
`You need to implement a pull request strategy that reduces the history volume in the master branch.
`Solution: You implement a pull request strategy that uses a three-way merge.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No
