##   6°_251-300_v2


#### 00251::
`You need to recommend a Docker container build strategy that meets the following requirements:
`✑ Minimizes image sizes
`✑ Minimizes the security surface area of the final image
`What should you include in the recommendation?

- [x] multi-stage builds
- [ ] PowerShell Desired State Configuration (DSC)
- [ ] Docker Swarm
- [ ] single-stage builds

#### 00252::
`You plan to create an image that will contain a .NET Core application.
`You have a Dockerfile file that contains the following code. (Line numbers are included for reference only.)
`
`FROM microsoft/dotnet: 3.1-sdk
`COPY ./
`RUN dotnet publish -c Release -o out
`FROM microsoft/dotnet:3.1-sdk
`COPY --from=0 /out /
`WORKDIR /
`ENTRYPOINT ["dotnet", "app1.dll"]
`
`You need to ensure that the image is as small as possible when the image is built.
`Which line should you modify in the file?

- [ ] 1
- [ ] 3
- [x] 4
- [ ] 7

#### 00253::
`Your company has a project in Azure DevOps for a new web application.
`You need to ensure that when code is checked in, a build runs automatically.
`Solution: From the Triggers tab of the build pipeline, you select Batch changes while a build is in progress.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### 00254::
`You need to deploy Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) to host an application. The solution must meet the following requirements:
`✑ Containers must only be published internally.
`✑ AKS clusters must be able to create and manage containers in Azure.

- [ ] Containers must only be published internally: Azure Container Instances
- [x] Containers must only be published internally: Azure Container Registry
- [ ] Containers must only be published internally: Dockerfile
- [ ] AKS clusters must be able to create and manage containers in Azure: An Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) group
- [ ] AKS clusters must be able to create and manage containers in Azure: An Azure Automation account
- [x] AKS clusters must be able to create and manage containers in Azure: An Azure service principal


#### 0155 ::
`You have 50 Node.js-based projects that you scan by using WhiteSource. Each project includes Package.json, Package-lock.json, and Npm-shrinkwrap.json files.
`You need to minimize the number of libraries reports by WhiteSource to only the libraries that you explicitly reference.
`What should you do?

- [ ] Configure the File System Agent plug-in.
- [x] Add a devDependencies section to Package-lock.json.
- [ ] Configure the Artifactory plug-in.
- [ ] Delete Package-lock.json.

#### 00256::
`Your company deploys applications in Docker containers.
`You want to detect known exploits in the Docker images used to provision the Docker containers.
`You need to integrate image scanning into the application lifecycle. The solution must expose the exploits as early as possible during the application lifecycle.
`What should you configure?

- [x] a task executed in the continuous integration pipeline and a scheduled task that analyzes the image registry
- [ ] manual tasks performed during the planning phase and the deployment phase
- [ ] a task executed in the continuous deployment pipeline and a scheduled task against a running production container
- [ ] a task executed in the continuous integration pipeline and a scheduled task that analyzes the production container

#### 00257::
`Your company has a hybrid cloud between Azure and Azure Stack.
`The company uses Azure DevOps for its full CI/CD pipelines. Some applications are built by using Erlang and Hack.
`You need to ensure that Erlang and Hack are supported as part of the build strategy across the hybrid cloud. The solution must minimize management overhead.
`What should you use to execute the build pipeline?


- [ ] a Microsoft-hosted agent
- [ ] Azure DevOps self-hosted agents on Azure DevTest Labs virtual machines.
- [ ] Azure DevOps self-hosted agents on Hyper-V virtual machines
- [x] Azure DevOps self-hosted agents on virtual machines that run on Azure Stack


#### 00258::
`Your company has an Azure DevOps project,
`The source code for the project is stored in an on-premises repository and uses on an on-premises build server.
`You plan to use Azure DevOps to control the build process on the build server by using a self-hosted agent.
`You need to implement the self-hosted agent.
`You download and install the agent on the build server.

- [ ] From Azure, create a shared access signature (SAS).
- [ ] From the build server, create a certificate, and then upload the certificate to Azure Storage.
- [ ] From the build server, create a certificate, and then upload the certificate to Azure Key Vault.
- [x] From DevOps, create a personal access token (PAT).
- [x] From the build server, run config.cmd.

#### 00259::
`You have an Azure subscription that contains an Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) tenant.
`You are configuring a build pipeline in Azure Pipelines that will include a task named Task1. Task1 will authenticate by using an Azure AD service principal.
`Which three values should you configure for Task1? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.

- [x] the tenant ID
- [ ] the subscription ID
- [x] the client secret
- [x] the app ID
- [ ] the object ID

#### 0160::
`You are deploying a new application that uses Azure virtual machines.
`You plan to use the Desired State Configuration (DSC) extension on the virtual machines.
`You need to ensure that the virtual machines always have the same Windows feature installed.
`Which three actions should you perform in sequence? To answer, move the appropriate actions from the list of actions to the answer area and arrange them in the correct order.

- [-] Configure the DSC extencion on the virtual machines. 
- [-] Create a YAML configuration file. 
- [1] Load the file to Azure Blob storage. 
- [2] Configure the Custom Script Extension on the virtual machines. 
- [-] Load the file to Azure Files.  
- [0] Create a PowerShell configuration file.  


#### 00261::
`You need to execute inline testing of an Azure DevOps pipeline that uses a Docker deployment model. The solution must prevent the results from being published to the pipeline.
`What should you use for the inline testing?

- [ ] a single stage Dockerfile
- [ ] an Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) pod
- [x] a multi-stage Dockerfile
- [ ] a Docker Compose file

#### 00262::
`You are designing an Azure DevOps strategy for your company's development team.
`You suspect that the team's productivity is low due to accumulate technical debt.
`You need to recommend a metric to assess the amount of the team's technical debt.
`What should you recommend?

- [ ] the number of code modules in an application
- [ ] the number of unit test failures
- [ ] the percentage of unit test failures
- [x] the percentage of overall time spent on rework

#### 00263::
`You are developing an open source solution that uses a GitHub repository.
`You create a new public project in Azure DevOps.
`You plan to use Azure Pipelines for continuous build. The solution will use the GitHub Checks API.
`Which authentication type should you use?

- [ ] OpenID
- [x] GitHub App
- [ ] a personal access token (PAT)
- [ ] SAML


#### 00264::
`Your company has a project in Azure DevOps for a new web application.
`You need to ensure that when code is checked in, a build runs automatically.
`Solution: From the Continuous deployment trigger settings of the release pipeline, you enable the Pull request trigger setting.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### 00265::
`Your company has a project in Azure DevOps for a new web application.
`You need to ensure that when code is checked in, a build runs automatically.
`Solution: From the Pre-deployment conditions settings of the release pipeline, you select After stage.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### 00266::
`Your company has a project in Azure DevOps for a new web application.
`You need to ensure that when code is checked in, a build runs automatically.
`Solution: From the Pre-deployment conditions settings of the release pipeline, you select Batch changes while a build is in progress.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### 00267::
`You have an Azure DevOps release pipeline as shown in the following exhibit.
`
`You need to complete the pipeline to configure OWASP ZAP for security testing.
`Which five Azure CLI tasks should you add in sequence? To answer, move the tasks from the list of tasks to the answer area and arrange them in the correct order.

- [2] Convert Report Format
- [-] Build machine image
- [3] Publish Test Results
- [4] Destroy OWASP Container
- [0] Call the Baseline Scan
- [-] Docker CLI installer
- [1] Download the file


#### 00268::
`You company uses a Git source-code repository.
`You plan to implement GitFlow as a workflow strategy.
`You need to identify which branch types are used for production code and preproduction code in the  strategy.
`Which branch type should you identify for each code type? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.

- [x] Production code: Master
- [ ] Production code: Feature
- [ ] Production code: Develop
- [ ] Preproduction code: Master
- [ ] Preproduction code: Feature
- [x] Preproduction code: Develop


#### 00269::
`You have a build pipeline in Azure Pipelines that uses different jobs to compile an application for 10 different architectures.
`The build pipeline takes approximately one day to complete.
`You need to reduce the time it takes to execute the build pipeline.
`Which two actions should you perform? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.


- [ ] Move to a blue/green deployment pattern
- [ ] Create a deployment group
- [x] Increase the number of parallel jobs
- [ ] Reduce the size of the repository
- [x] Create an agent pool

#### Q170::
`You are creating a build pipeline in Azure Pipelines.
`You define several tests that might fail due to third-party applications.
`You need to ensure that the build pipeline completes successfully if the third-party applications are unavailable.
`What should you do?

- [ ] Configure the build pipeline to use parallel jobs
- [x] Configure flaky tests
- [ ] Increase the test pass percentage
- [ ] Add the Requirements quality widget to your dashboard

#### 00271::
`You have an Azure subscription that contains a resources group named RG1. RG1 contains the following resources:
`✑ Four Azure virtual machines that run Windows Server and have Internet Information Services (IIS) installed.
`✑ SQL Server on an Azure virtual machine.
`✑ An Azure Load Balancer.
`You need to deploy an application to the virtual machines in RG1 by using Azure Pipelines.
`Which four actions should you perform in sequence? To answer, move the appropriate actions from the list of actions to the answer area and arrange them in the correct order.

- [0] Create an agent pool
- [-] Add the Puppet Agent extension to the virtual machines
- [3] Add and configure a deployment group job for the pipeline
- [2] Add the Azure Pipeline Agent extension to the virtual machines
- [1] Create a deployment group
- [-] Execute the pipeline


#### 00272::
`Your company has a project in Azure DevOps for a new web application.
`You need to ensure that when code is checked in, a build runs automatically.
`Solution: From the Triggers tab of the build pipeline, you select Enable continuous integration.

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No 

#### 00273::
`You have an Azure DevOps organization named Contoso and an Azure DevOps project named Project1.
`You plan to use Microsoft-hosted agents to build container images that will host full Microsoft .NET Framework apps in a YAML pipeline in Project1.
`What are two possible virtual machine images that you can use for the Microsoft-hosted agent pool?

- [x] vs2017-win2016
- [x] ubuntu-16.04
- [ ] win1803
- [ ] macOS-10.13
- [ ] vs.2015-win2012r2


#### 00274::You have a GitHub repository.
`You currently use JIRA, Jenkins, and Octopus as part of your DevOps processes.
`You plan to use Azure DevOps to replace these tools.
`Which Azure DevOps service should you use to replace each tool? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.


- [x] JIRA: Boards
- [ ] JIRA: Build pipeline
- [ ] JIRA: Release pipeline
- [ ] JIRA: Repos
- [ ] Jenkins: Boards
- [x] Jenkins: Build pipeline
- [ ] Jenkins: Release pipeline
- [ ] Jenkins: Repos
- [ ] Octopus: Boards
- [ ] Octopus: Build pipeline
- [x] Octopus: Release pipeline
- [ ] Octopus: Repos


#### 00275::
`Your company has a project in Azure DevOps.
`You need to ensure that when there are multiple builds pending deployment, only the most recent build is deployed.
`What should you use?

- [ ] deployment conditions
- [x] deployment queue settings
- [ ] release gates
- [ ] pull request triggers

#### 00276::
`Your company develops a client banking application that processes a large volume of data.
`Code quality is an ongoing issue for the company. Recently, the code quality has deteriorated because of an increase in time pressure on the development team.
`You need to implement static code analysis.
`During which phase should you use static code analysis?

- [ ] integration testing
- [ ] staging
- [ ] production release
- [x] build


#### 00257 ::
`You have a project in Azure DevOps that uses packages from multiple public feeds. Some of the feeds are unreliable.
`You need to consolidate the packages into a single feed.
`Which three actions should you perform in sequence?

- [-] Modify the configuration files to reference the Azure Artifacts feed.
- [-] Run an initial package restore.
- [2] Create a Microsoft Virtual Studio project that includes all the packages.
- [1] Create an Azure Artifacts feed that uses upstream sources. 
- [0] Create a NuGet package. 
- [-] Create an npm package. 


#### 00258::
`Use the drop-down menus to select the answer choice that completes each statement based on the information presented in the graphic.

- [ ] The pipeline has 0 job(s).
- [x] The pipeline has 1 job(s).
- [ ] The pipeline has 4 job(s).
- [ ] The pipeline has 0 task(s).
- [ ] The pipeline has 1 task(s).
- [x] The pipeline has 4 task(s).


#### 00259::
`You have an Azure function hosted in an App Service plan named az400-123456789-func1.
`You need to configure az400-123456789-func1 to upgrade the functions automatically whenever new code is committed to the master branch of https:// github.com/Azure-Samples/functions-quickstart.
`To complete this task, sign in to the Microsoft Azure portal.


#### 00280 ::
`You need to use Azure Automation State Configuration to manage the ongoing consistency of virtual machine configurations.
`Which five actions should you perform in sequence? To answer, move the appropriate actions from the list of actions to the answer area and arrange them in the correct order.

- [3] Onboard the virtual machines to Azure Automation State Configuration. 
- [4] Check the compliance status of the node. 
- [-] Create a management group. 
- [0] Assign the node configuration. 
- [2] Compile a configuration into a node configuration.
- [1] Upload a configuration to Azure Automation State Configuration. 
- [-] Assign tags to the virtual machines. 


#### 00281::
`You are developing an application. The application source has multiple branches.
`You make several changes to a branch used for experimentation.
`You need to update the main branch to capture the changes made to the experimentation branch and override the history of the Git repository.
`Which Git option should you use?

- [x] Rebase
- [ ] Fetch
- [ ] Merge
- [ ] Push

#### 00282::
`You use Azure Pipelines to build and test a React.js application.
`You have a pipeline that has a single job.
`You discover that installing JavaScript packages from npm takes approximately five minutes each time you run the pipeline.
`You need to recommend a solution to reduce the pipeline execution time.
`Solution: You recommend defining a container job that uses a custom container that has the JavaScript packages preinstalled.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### 00283::
`You use Azure Pipelines to build and test a React.js application.
`You have a pipeline that has a single job.
`You discover that installing JavaScript packages from npm takes approximately five minutes each time you run the pipeline.
`You need to recommend a solution to reduce the pipeline execution time.
`Solution: You recommend enabling pipeline caching.

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No

#### 00284::
`You use Azure Pipelines to build and test a React.js application.
`You have a pipeline that has a single job.
`You discover that installing JavaScript packages from npm takes approximately five minutes each time you run the pipeline.
`You need to recommend a solution to reduce the pipeline execution time.
`Solution: You recommend enabling parallel jobs for the pipeline.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### 00285::
`You plan to create a release pipeline that will deploy Azure resources by using Azure Resource Manager templates. The release pipeline will create the following resources:
`✑ Two resource groups
`✑ Four Azure virtual machines in one resource group
`✑ Two Azure SQL databases in other resource group
`You need to recommend a solution to deploy the resources.
`Solution: Create two standalone templates, each of which will deploy the resources in its respective group.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### 00286::
`You plan to create a release pipeline that will deploy Azure resources by using Azure Resource Manager templates. The release pipeline will create the following resources:
`✑ Two resource groups
`✑ Four Azure virtual machines in one resource group
`✑ Two Azure SQL databases in other resource group
`You need to recommend a solution to deploy the resources.
`Solution: Create a single standalone template that will deploy all the resources.


- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### 00287::
`You have an Azure DevOps project.
`Your build process creates several artifacts.
`You need to deploy the artifacts to on-premises servers.
`Solution: You deploy a Kubernetes cluster on-premises. You deploy a Helm agent to the cluster. You add a Download Build Artifacts task to the deployment pipeline.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### 00288::
`You have an Azure DevOps project.
`Your build process creates several artifacts.
`You need to deploy the artifacts to on-premises servers.
`Solution: You deploy a Docker build to an on-premises server. You add a Download Build Artifacts task to the deployment pipeline.


- [ ] Yes
- [x] No



#### 00289::
`You have an Azure DevOps project.
`Your build process creates several artifacts.
`You need to deploy the artifacts to on-premises servers.
`Solution: You deploy an Azure self-hosted agent to an on-premises server. You add a Copy and Publish Build Artifacts task to the deployment pipeline.

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No


#### 00290::
`You have a project in Azure DevOps named Project1. Project1 contains a pipeline that builds a  container image named Image1 and pushes Image1 to an Azure container registry named ACR1. Image1 uses a base image stored in Docker Hub.
`You need to ensure that Image1 is updated automatically whenever the base image is updated.
`What should you do?

- [ ] Enable the Azure Event Grid resource provider and subscribe to registry events.
- [ ] Add a Docker Hub service connection to Azure Pipelines.
- [x] Create and run an Azure Container Registry task.
- [ ] Create a service hook in Project1.


#### 00291::
`You have an Azure DevOps project.
`Your build process creates several artifacts.
`You need to deploy the artifacts to on-premises servers.
`Solution: You deploy an Octopus Deploy server. You deploy a polled Tentacle agent to an on-premises server. You add an Octopus task to the deployment pipeline.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### 00292::
`You plan to create a release pipeline that will deploy Azure resources by using Azure Resource Manager templates. The release pipeline will create the following resources:
`✑ Two resource groups
`✑ Four Azure virtual machines in one resource group
`✑ Two Azure SQL databases in other resource group
`You need to recommend a solution to deploy the resources.
`Solution: Create a main template that will deploy the resources in one resource group and a nested template that will deploy the resources in the other resource group.


- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### 00293::
`You plan to create a release pipeline that will deploy Azure resources by using Azure Resource Manager templates. The release pipeline will create the following resources:
`✑ Two resource groups
`✑ Four Azure virtual machines in one resource group
`✑ Two Azure SQL databases in other resource group
`You need to recommend a solution to deploy the resources.
`Solution: Create a main template that has two linked templates, each of which will deploy the resources in its respective group.

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No

#### 00294::
`You are building an application that has the following assets:
`✑ Source code
`✑ Logs from automated tests and builds
`✑ Large and frequently updated binary assets
`✑ A common library used by multiple applications
`Where should you store each asset? To answer, drag the appropriate Azure services to the correct assets. Each service may be used once. You may need to drag the split bar between panes or scroll to view content.

- [ ] Source code: Azure Artifacts
- [ ] Source code: Azure Pipeline
- [x] Source code: Azure Repos
- [ ] Source code: Azure Storage
- [ ] Source code: Azure Test Plans

- [x] A common library used by multiple applications: Azure Artifacts
- [ ] A common library used by multiple applications: Azure Pipeline
- [ ] A common library used by multiple applications: Azure Repos
- [ ] A common library used by multiple applications: Azure Storage
- [ ] A common library used by multiple applications: Azure Test Plans

- [ ] Logs from automated tests and builds: Azure Artifacts
- [x] Logs from automated tests and builds: Azure Pipeline
- [ ] Logs from automated tests and builds: Azure Repos
- [ ] Logs from automated tests and builds: Azure Storage
- [ ] Logs from automated tests and builds: Azure Test Plans

- [ ] Large and frequently updated binary assets: Azure Artifacts
- [ ] Large and frequently updated binary assets: Azure Pipeline
- [ ] Large and frequently updated binary assets: Azure Repos
- [x] Large and frequently updated binary assets: Azure Storage
- [ ] Large and frequently updated binary assets: Azure Test Plans


#### 00295::
`You plan to share packages that you wrote, tested, validated, and deployed by using Azure Artifacts.
`You need to release multiple builds of each package by using a single feed. The solution must limit the release of packages that are in development.
`What should you use?

- [ ] local symbols
- [x] views
- [ ] global symbols
- [ ] upstream sources

#### 00296::
`You have a project in Azure DevOps named Project1. Project1 contains a build pipeline named Pipe1 that builds an application named App1.
`You have an agent pool named Pool1 that contains a Windows Server 2019-based self-hosted agent. Pipe1 uses Pool1.
`You plan to implement another project named Project2. Project2 will have a build pipeline named Pipe2 that builds an application named App2.
`App1 and App2 have conflicting dependencies.
`You need to minimize the possibility that the two build pipelines will conflict with each other. The solution must minimize infrastructure costs.

- [ ] Add another self-hosted agent.
- [ ] Add a Docker Compose task to the build pipelines.
- [ ] Change the self-hosted agent to use Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) 8.
- [x] Create two container jobs.


#### 00297::
`You plan to store signed images in an Azure Container Registry instance named az4009940427acr1.
`You need to modify the SKU for az4009940427acr1 to support the planned images. The solution must minimize costs.
`To complete this task, sign in to the Microsoft Azure portal.

- [x]  select the Azure Container Registry instance named az4009940427acr1.
- [x]  Policies, select Content Trust > Enabled > Save.

#### 00298::
`You manage build pipelines and deployment pipelines by using Azure DevOps.
`Your company has a team of 500 developers. New members are added continually to the team.
`You need to automate the management of users and licenses whenever possible.
`Which task must you perform manually?

- [ ] modifying group memberships
- [ ] adding users
- [ ] assigning entitlements
- [x] procuring licenses


#### 00299::
`Your company uses Team Foundation Server 2013 (TFS 2013).
`You plan to migrate to Azure DevOps.
`You need to recommend a migration strategy that meets the following requirements:
`✑ Preserves the dates of Team Foundation Version Control changesets
`✑ Preserves the changed dates of work items revisions
`
`Minimizes migration effort -
`
`✑ Migrates all TFS artifacts
`What should you recommend? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.


- [ ] On the TFS server: Install the TFS Java SDK.
- [x] On the TFS server: Upgrade TFS to the most recent RTW release.
- [ ] On the TFS server: Upgrade to the most recent version of PowerShell Core. 
- [ ] To perform the migration: Copy the assets manually.
- [ ] To perform the migration: Use public API-based tools.
- [x] To perform the migration: Use the TFS Database Import Service.
- [ ] To perform the migration: Use the TFS Integration Platform. 


#### 00300::
`Your company is building a new solution in Java.
`The company currently uses a SonarQube server to analyze the code of .NET solutions.
`You need to analyze and monitor the code quality of the Java solution.
`Which task types should you add to the build pipeline?

- [ ] Octopus
- [ ] Chef
- [ ] CocoaPods
- [x] Gradle
