##   7°_301-350_1


#### 00301::
`Your company is building a new solution in Java.
`The company currently uses a SonarQube server to analyze the code of .NET solutions.
`You need to analyze and monitor the code quality of the Java solution.
`Which task types should you add to the build pipeline?

- [x] Maven
- [ ] CocoaPods
- [ ] Xcode
- [ ] Gulp

#### 00302::
`You have an Azure subscription named Subscription1 that contains a custom Azure policy named Policy1. Policy1 is an audit policy that monitors naming convention compliance for the resources deployed to Subscription1.
`You have a pipeline named Pipeline1 in Azure Pipelines. Pipeline1 deploys Azure Resource Manager (ARM) resources to Subscription1.
`You need to ensure that the resources deployed by Pipeline1 comply with Policy1.
`What should you add to Pipeline1?

- [x] a pre-deployment task that runs a security and compliance assessment
- [ ] a post-deployment task that runs a security and compliance assessment
- [ ] an ARM template deployment task to assign Policy1 to Subscription1
- [ ] an ARM template deployment task to deploy Policy1 to Subscription1




#### 00303::
`You plan to use Desired State Configuration (DSC) to maintain the configuration state of virtual machines that run Windows Server.
`You need to perform the following:
`✑ Install Internet Information Services (IIS) on the virtual machines.
`✑ Update the default home page of the IIS web server.
`How should you configure the DSC configuration file?



#### 00304::
`You have a project in Azure DevOps.
`You need to push notifications about pull requests to a Microsoft Teams channel. The solution must minimize development effort.
`What should you do?

- [ ] Install the Azure Pipelines app for Teams and configure a subscription to receive notifications in the channel.
- [ ] Use Azure Automation to connect to the Azure DevOps REST API and send messages to Teams.
- [x] Install the Azure Repos app for Teams and configure a subscription to receive notifications in the channel.
- [ ] Use an Azure function to connect to the Azure DevOps REST API and send messages to Teams.

#### 0205 ::
`You are creating a YAML-based Azure pipeline to deploy an Azure Data Factory instance that has the following requirements:
`✑ If a Data Factory instance exists already, the instance must be overwritten.
`✑ No other resources in a resource group named Fabrikam must be affected.
`How should you complete the code? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.

#### 00306::
`You have an Azure DevOps project that produces Node Package Manager (npm) packages. Multiple projects consume the packages.
`You need to configure Azure Artifacts to ensure that both the latest and pre-release versions of the packages are available for consumption.
`
`What should you do?

- [ ] Create two feed views named @prerelease and @release, Set @release as the default view. Configure a release pipeline that tags the packages as release after successful testing.
- [ ] Create a feed view named @prerelease. Configure a release pipeline that tags the packages as release after successful testing.
- [ ] Create two feed views named @prerelease and @default. Configure a release pipeline that promotes a package to the @default view after successful testing.
- [x] Create two feed views named @prerelease and @release. Set @release as the default view. Configure a release pipeline that promotes a package to the @release view after successful testing.

#### 00307::
`You have an Azure subscription that contains the resources shown in the following table.
`
`Project produces npm packages that are published to Feed1. Feed1 is consumed by multiple projects.
`You need to ensure that only tested packages are available for consumption. The solution must minimize development effort.
`
`What should you do?

- [x] Create a feed view named @release and set @release as the default view. After the npm packages test successfully, configure a release pipeline that promotes a package to the @release view.
- [ ] Create a feed view named @release and set @release as the default view. After the npm packages test successfully, configure a release pipeline that tags the packages as release.
- [ ] Create a feed view named @default. After the npm packages test successfully, configure a release pipeline that tags the packages as release.
- [ ] Create a feed view named @default. After the npm packages test successfully, configure a release pipeline that promotes a package to the @default view.


#### 00308::
`Your company has an Azure DevOps project that produces Node Package Manager (npm) packages. Multiple projects consume the packages.
`
`You need to minimize the amount of disk space used by older packages in Azure Artifacts.
`
`What should you modify?

- [ ] the retention settings of the project’s release
- [x] the retention settings of the project’s pipeline
- [ ] the retention settings of the project’s tests
- [ ] the retention settings of the company pipeline

#### 00309::
`You have an Azure DevOps pipeline that is used to deploy a Node.js app.
`
`You need to ensure that the dependencies are cached between builds.
`
`How should you configure the deployment YAML? To answer, drag the appropriate values to the correct targets. Each value may be used once, more than once, or not at all. You may need to drag the split  bar between panes or scroll to view content.


#### 0310::
`You manage the Git repository for a large enterprise application.
`You need to minimize the data size of the repository.
`How should you complete the commands? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.


#### 00311::
`You plan to deploy a template named D:\Deploy.json to a resource group named Deploy-lod123456789.
`You need to modify the template to meet the following requirements, and then to deploy the template:
`✑ The address space must be reduced to support only 256 total IP addresses.
`✑ The subnet address space must be reduced to support only 64 total IP addresses.
`To complete this task, sign in to the Microsoft Azure portal.


#### 00312::
`You need to configure an Azure web app named az400-123456789-main to contain an environmental variable named "MAX_ITEMS". The environmental variable must have a value of 50.
`To complete this task, sign in to the Microsoft Azure portal.



#### 00313::
`You provision an Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) cluster that has RBAC enabled. You have a Helm chart for a client application.
`You need to configure Helm and Tiller on the cluster and install the chart.
`Which three commands should you recommend be run in sequence? To answer, move the appropriate commands from the list of commands to the answer area and arrange them in the correct order.


#### 00314::
`Your company builds a multi-tier web application.
`You use Azure DevOps and host the production application on Azure virtual machines.
`Your team prepares an Azure Resource Manager template of the virtual machine that you will use to test new features.
`You need to create a staging environment in Azure that meets the following requirements:
`✑ Minimizes the cost of Azure hosting
`✑ Provisions the virtual machines automatically
`✑ Uses the custom Azure Resource Manager template to provision the virtual machines
`What should you do?


- [ ] In Azure Cloud Shell, run Azure CLI commands to create and delete the new virtual machines in a staging resource group.
- [ ] In Azure DevOps, configure new tasks in the release pipeline to deploy to Azure Cloud Services.
- [ ] From Azure Cloud Shell, run Azure PowerShell commands to create and delete the new virtual machines in a staging resource group.
- [x] In Azure DevOps, configure new tasks in the release pipeline to create and delete the virtual machines in Azure DevTest Labs.


#### 00315::
`You are implementing an Azure DevOps strategy for mobile devices using App Center.
`You plan to use distribution groups to control access to releases.
`You need to create the distribution groups shown in the following table.
`
`Which type of distribution group should you use for each group? To answer, drag the appropriate group types to the correct locations. Each group type may be used once, more than once, or not at all. You may need to drag the split bar between panes or scroll to view content.

#### 00316::
`You need to ensure that the https://contoso.com/statushook webhook is called every time a repository named az400123456789acr1 receives a new version of an image named dotnetapp.
`To complete this task, sign in to the Microsoft Azure portal.


#### 00317::
`Your company uses Azure DevOps to manage the build and release processes for applications.
`You use a Git repository for applications source control.
`You plan to create a new branch from an existing pull request. Later, you plan to merge the new branch and the target branch of the pull request.
`You need to use a pull request action to create the new branch. The solution must ensure that the branch uses only a portion of the code in the pull request.
`Which pull request action should you use?


- [ ] Set as default branch
- [ ] Approve with suggestions
- [x] Cherry-pick
- [ ] Reactivate
- [ ] Revert

#### 00318::
`You manage the Git repository for a large enterprise application.
`During the development of the application, you use a file named Config.json.
`You need to prevent Config.json from being committed to the source control whenever changes to the application are committed.
`Which three actions should you perform in sequence? To answer, move the appropriate actions from the list of actions to the answer area and arrange them in the correct order.


#### 00319::
`You are designing a build pipeline in Azure Pipelines.
`The pipeline requires a self-hosted agent. The build pipeline will run once daily and will take 30 minutes to complete.
`You need to recommend a compute type for the agent. The solution must minimize costs.
`What should you recommend?

- [ ] an Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) cluster
- [x] Azure Container Instances
- [ ] an Azure virtual machine scale set
- [ ] Azure virtual machines


#### Q220::
`You are finalizing a release in GitHub.
`You need to apply the following labels to the release:
`✑ Name
`✑ Email
`✑ Release v3.0
`✑ Release date
`How should you complete the git command? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.

#### 00321::
`You have a project in Azure DevOps. You have an Azure Resource Group deployment project in Microsoft Visual Studio that is checked in to the Azure DevOps project.
`You need to create a release pipeline that will deploy resources by using Azure Resource Manager templates. The solution must minimize administrative effort.
`Which task type should you include in the solution?


- [ ] Azure Cloud Service Deployment
- [ ] Azure RM Web App Deployment
- [x] Azure PowerShell
- [ ] Azure App Service Manage

#### 00322::
`Your company has a project in Azure DevOps.
`You plan to create a release pipeline that will deploy resources by using Azure Resource Manager templates. The templates will reference secrets stored in Azure
`Key Vault.
`You need to recommend a solution for accessing the secrets stored in the key vault during deployments. The solution must use the principle of least privilege.
`What should you include in the recommendation? To answer, drag the appropriate configurations to the correct targets. Each configuration may be used once, more than once, or not at all. You may need to drag the split bar between panes or scroll to view content.

#### 00323::
`As part of your application build process, you need to deploy a group of resources to Azure by using an Azure Resource Manager template located on GitHub.
`Which three action should you perform in sequence? To answer, move the appropriate actions from the list of actions to the answer area and arrange them in the correct order.


#### 00324::
`You have an Azure DevOps project that contains a release pipeline and a Git repository.
`When a new code revision is committed to the repository, a build and release is triggered.
`You need to ensure that release information for the pipeline is added automatically to the work items associated to the Git commit.
`What should you do?

- [x] Modify the Integrations options for the pipeline.
- [ ] Modify the post-deployment conditions for the last stage of the pipeline.
- [ ] Add an agentless job to the pipeline.
- [ ] Modify the service hooks for the project.


#### 00325::
`You plan to add a new web farm that will be published by using an IP address of 10.0.0.5.
`You need to allow traffic from the web farm to an Azure Database for MySQL server named az400-123456789-mysql.
`To complete this task, sign in to the Microsoft Azure portal.


#### 00326::
`Your company has a release pipeline in an Azure DevOps project.
`You plan to deploy to an Azure Kubernetes Services (AKS) cluster by using the Helm package and deploy task.
`You need to install a service in the AKS namespace for the planned deployment.
`Which service should you install?

- [ ] Azure Container Registry
- [ ] Chart
- [ ] Kubectl
- [x] Tiller


#### 00327 ::
`You need to create a virtual machine template in an Azure DevTest Labs environment named az400-123456789-dtl1. The template must be based on Windows
`Server 2019 Datacenter. Virtual machines created from the template must include the selenium tool and the Google Chrome browser.
`To complete this task, sign in to the Microsoft Azure portal.

#### 00328::
`Your company plans to deploy an application to the following endpoints:
`✑ Ten virtual machines hosted in Azure
`✑ Ten virtual machines hosted in an on-premises data center environment
`All the virtual machines have the Azure Pipelines agent.
`You need to implement a release strategy for deploying the application to the endpoints.
`What should you recommend using to deploy the application to the endpoints? To answer, drag the appropriate components to the correct endpoints. Each component may be used once, more than once, or not at all. You may need to drag the split bar between panes or scroll to view content.


#### 00329::
`You plan to use Terraform to deploy an Azure resource group from a Windows system.
`You need to install the required frameworks to support the planned deployment.
`Which two frameworks should you install? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.

- [ ] Vault
- [x] Terratest
- [ ] Node.js
- [x] Yeoman
- [ ] Tiller

#### 00330 ::
`You plan to implement a CI/CD strategy for an Azure Web App named az400-123456789-main.
`You need to configure a staging environment for az400-123456789-main.
`To complete this task, sign in to the Microsoft Azure portal.


#### 00331::
`You have several apps that use an Azure SQL Database named db1.
`You need to ensure that queries to db1 are tuned by Azure over time. The solution must only apply to db1.
`To complete this task, sign in to the Microsoft Azure portal.

#### 00332::
`You use Azure Pipelines to manage the build and deployment of apps.
`You are planning the release strategies for a new app.
`You need to choose strategies for the following scenarios:
`Releases will be made available to users who are grouped by their tolerance for software faults.
`
`✑ Code will be deployed to enable functionality that will be available in later releases of the app.
`✑ When a new release occurs, the existing deployment will remain active to minimize recovery time if a return to the previous version is required.
`Which strategy should you choose for each scenario? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.


#### 00333::
`You have a project in Azure DevOps.
`You need to associate an automated test to a test case.
`Which three actions should you perform in sequence? To answer, move the appropriate actions from the list of actions to the answer area and arrange them in the correct order.

#### 00334::
`You have an Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) cluster.
`You need to deploy an application to the cluster by using Azure DevOps.
`Which three actions should you perform in sequence? To answer, move the appropriate actions from the list of actions to the answer area and arrange them in the correct order.


#### 00335::
`You have an approval process that contains a condition. The condition requires that releases be approved by a team leader before they are deployed.
`You have a policy stating that approvals must occur within eight hours.
`You discover that deployment fail if the approvals take longer than two hours.
`You need to ensure that the deployments only fail if the approvals take longer than eight hours.
`Solution: From Post-deployment conditions, you modify the Time between re-evaluation of gates option.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### 00336::
`You have an approval process that contains a condition. The condition requires that releases be approved by a team leader before they are deployed.
`You have a policy stating that approvals must occur within eight hours.
`You discover that deployment fail if the approvals take longer than two hours.
`You need to ensure that the deployments only fail if the approvals take longer than eight hours.
`Solution: From Pre-deployment conditions, you modify the Time between re-evaluation of gates option.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### 00337::
`You have an approval process that contains a condition. The condition requires that releases be approved by a team leader before they are deployed.
`You have a policy stating that approvals must occur within eight hours.
`You discover that deployment fail if the approvals take longer than two hours.
`You need to ensure that the deployments only fail if the approvals take longer than eight hours.
`Solution: From Pre-deployment conditions, you modify the Timeout setting for pre-deployment approvals.

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No


#### 00338::
`You are defining release strategies for two applications as shown in the following table.
`
`Which release strategy should you use for each application? To answer, drag the appropriate release strategies to the correct applications. Each release strategy may be used once, more than once, or not at all. You may need to drag the split bar between panes or scroll to view content.


#### 00339::
`You have an approval process that contains a condition. The condition requires that releases be approved by a team leader before they are deployed.
`You have a policy stating that approvals must occur within eight hours.
`You discover that deployment fail if the approvals take longer than two hours.
`You need to ensure that the deployments only fail if the approvals take longer than eight hours.
`Solution: From Post-deployment conditions, you modify the Timeout setting for post-deployment approvals.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### 00340::
`You have an Azure DevOps organization named Contoso.
`You have 10 Azure virtual machines that run Windows Server 2019. The virtual machines host an application that you build and deploy by using Azure Pipelines.
`Each virtual machine has the Web Server (IIS) role installed and configured.
You need to ensure that the web server configurations on the virtual machines is maintained automatically. The solution must provide centralized management of the configuration settings and minimize management overhead.
`Which four actions should you perform in sequence? To answer, move the appropriate actions from the list of actions to the answer area and arrange them in the correct order. 



#### 00341::
`You have a free tier of an Azure DevOps organization named Contoso. Contoso contains 10 private projects. Each project has multiple jobs with no dependencies. The build process requires access to resource files located in an on-premises file system.
`You frequently run the jobs on five self-hosted agents but experience long build times and frequently queued builds.
`You need to minimize the number of queued builds and the time it takes to run the builds.
`What should you do?

- [ ] Configure the pipelines to use the Microsoft-hosted agents.
- [ ] Register additional self-hosted agents.
- [x] Purchase self-hosted parallel jobs.
- [ ] Purchase Microsoft-hosted parallel jobs.

#### 00342::
`You need to ensure that an Azure web app named az400-123456789-main supports rolling upgrades. The solution must ensure that only 10 percent of users who connect to az400-123456789-main use update versions of the app.
`The solution must minimize administrative effort.
`To complete this task, sign in to the Microsoft Azure portal.


#### 00343::
`You have an Azure DevOps project named Project1 and an Azure subscription named Sub1. Sub1 contains an Azure SQL database named DB1.
`You need to create a release pipeline that uses the Azure SQL Database Deployment task to update DB1.
`Which artifact should you deploy?

- [ ] a BACPAC
- [x] a DACPAC
- [ ] an LDF file
- [ ] an MDF file

#### 00344::
`You have a project in Azure DevOps.
`You plan to create a build pipeline that will deploy resources by using Azure Resource Manager templates. The templates will reference secrets stored in Azure
`Key Vault.
`You need to ensure that you can dynamically generate the resource ID of the key vault during template deployment.
`What should you include in the template? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.


#### 00345::
`Your company has a project in Azure DevOps for a new web application.
`The company uses ServiceNow for change management.
`You need to ensure that a change request is processed before any components can be deployed to the production environment.
`What are two ways to integrate ServiceNow into the Azure DevOps release pipeline? Each correct answer presents a complete solution.

- [ ] Define a deployment control that invokes the ServiceNow REST API.
- [x] Define a pre-deployment gate before the deployment to the Prod stage.
- [ ] Define a deployment control that invokes the ServiceNow SOAP API.
- [x] Define a post-deployment gate after the deployment to the QA stage.

#### 00346::
`Your company develops an application named App1 that is deployed in production.
`As part of an application update, a new service is being added to App1. The new service requires access to an application named App2 that is currently in development.
`You need to ensure that you can deploy the update to App1 before App2 becomes available. You must be able to enable the service in App1 once App2 is deployed.
`What should you do?

- [x] Implement a feature flag.
- [ ] Create a fork in the build.
- [ ] Create a branch in the build.
- [ ] Implement a branch policy.


#### 00347::
`You have a private distribution group that contains provisioned and unprovisioned devices.
`You need to distribute a new iOS application to the distribution group by using Microsoft Visual Studio App Center.
`What should you do?

- [ ] Request the Apple ID associated with the user of each device.
- [x] Register the devices on the Apple Developer portal.
- [ ] Create an active subscription in App Center Test.
- [ ] Add the device owner to the organization in App Center.

#### 00348::
`You are developing an iOS application by using Azure DevOps.
`You need to test the application manually on 10 devices without releasing the application to the public.
`Which two actions should you perform? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.

- [ ] Create a Microsoft Intune device compliance policy.
- [ ] Deploy a certificate from an internal certification authority (CA) to each device.
- [ ] Register the application in the iTunes store.
- [ ] Onboard the devices into Microsoft Intune.
- [x] Distribute a new release of the application.
- [x] Register the IDs of the devices in the Apple Developer portal.
