##   9°_401-414


#### 00401::
`You need to perform the GitHub code migration. The solution must support the planned changes for the DevOps environment.
`What should you use?

- [ ] git clone
- [x] GitHub Importer
- [ ] Import repository in Azure Repos
- [ ] git-tfs

#### 00402::
`How should you configure the filters for the Project5 trigger? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.


#### 00403::
`In Azure DevOps, you create Project3.
`You need to meet the requirements of the project.
`What should you do first?

- [ ] From Azure DevOps, modify the build definition.
- [ ] From SonarQube, obtain an authentication token.
- [x] From Azure DevOps, create a service endpoint.
- [ ] From SonarQube, create a project.


#### 00404::
`You need to implement Project4.
`What should you do first?

- [ ] Add the FROM instruction in the Dockerfile file.
- [ ] Add a Copy and Publish Build Artifacts task to the build pipeline.
- [x] Add a Docker task to the build pipeline.
- [ ] Add the MAINTAINER instruction in the Dockerfile file.

#### 0405 ::
`You need to recommend a procedure to implement the build agent for Project1.
`Which three actions should you recommend be performed in sequence? To answer, move the appropriate actions from the list of actions to the answer area and arrange them in the correct order.


#### 00406::
`You need to implement Project6.
`Which three actions should you perform in sequence? To answer, move the appropriate actions from the list of actions to the answer area and arrange them in the correct order.

#### 00407::
`To resolve the current technical issue, what should you do to the Register-AzureRmAutomationDscNode command?


- [x] Change the value of the ConfigurationMode parameter.
- [ ] Replace the Register-AzureRmAutomationDscNode cmdlet with Register-AzureRmAutomationScheduledRunbook
- [ ] Add the AllowModuleOverwrite parameter.
- [ ] Add the DefaultProfile parameter.


#### 00408::
`Which branching strategy should you recommend for the investment planning applications suite?

- [ ] release isolation
- [ ] main only
- [ ] development isolation
- [x] feature isolation

#### 00409::
`What should you use to implement the code quality restriction on the release pipeline for the investment planning applications suite?

- [ ] a pre-deployment approval
- [x] a deployment gate
- [ ] a post-deployment approval
- [ ] a trigger

#### 0410::
`How should you configure the release retention policy for the investment planning applications suite?

#### 00261::
`Where should the build and release agents for the investment planning applications suite run?

