##   3°_all1234



#### 33::
`A banking that predict whether a loan will be repaid is an example of the ______ type of machine learning. 

- [x] classification
- [ ] regression
- [ ] clustering


#### 34::
`Labelling is the process of tagging training data with known values. 
`You should evaluate a model by using the same data used to train the model.
`Accuracy is always the primary metric used to measure a model's performance. 

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No


#### 34::
`Labelling is the process of tagging training data with known values. 
`You should evaluate a model by using the same data used to train the model.
`Accuracy is always the primary metric used to measure a model's performance. 

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### 34::
`Labelling is the process of tagging training data with known values. 
`You should evaluate a model by using the same data used to train the model.
`Accuracy is always the primary metric used to measure a model's performance. 

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### 35::
`Which service should you use to extract text, key/value pairs, and table data automatically from scanned documents?

- [x] Form Recognizer 
- [ ] Text Analytics
- [ ] Language Understanding
- [ ] Custom Vision

#### Q 36::
`The ability to extract subtotals and totals from a receipt is a capacity of the  ______ service. 



- [ ] Custom Vision
- [x] Form Recognizer
- [ ] Ink Recognizer
- [ ] Text Analytics

#### 37 ::
`You use Azure Machine Learning designer to publish an inference pipeline.
`Which two parameters should you use to access the web service? 

- [ ] the model name
- [ ] the training endpoint
- [x] the authentication key
- [x] the REST endpoint


#### 38 ::
`From Azure Machine Learning designer, to deploy a real-time inference pipeline as a service for others to consume, you must deploy the model to ______ 


- [ ] a local web service
- [ ] Azure Container Instances. 
- [x] Azure Kubernates Service (AKS).
- [ ] Aure Machine Learning compute. 

#### 39  ::
`Predicting how many hours of overtime a delivery person will work based on the number of order received is an example of _____ 

- [ ] classification.
- [ ] clustering.
- [x] regression. 

#### 40  ::
`Azure Machine Learning designer provides a drag-and-drop visual canvas to build, test, and deploy machine learning models. 
`Azure Machine Learning designer enables you to save your progress as a pipeline draft. 
`Azure machine Learning designer enables you to include custom JavaScript functions. 

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No


#### 40  ::
`Azure Machine Learning designer provides a drag-and-drop visual canvas to build, test, and deploy machine learning models. 
`Azure Machine Learning designer enables you to save your progress as a pipeline draft. 
`Azure machine Learning designer enables you to include custom JavaScript functions. 

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No


#### 40  ::
`Azure Machine Learning designer provides a drag-and-drop visual canvas to build, test, and deploy machine learning models. 
`Azure Machine Learning designer enables you to save your progress as a pipeline draft. 
`Azure machine Learning designer enables you to include custom JavaScript functions. 

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No





























#### 41  ::
`You have the following dataset.
`---------------------------------------------------------
`-Houshold Income---Postal Code----House Price Category---
`---------------------------------------------------------
`-20_000------------55555----------Low--------------------
`-23_000------------20541----------Middle-----------------
`-80_000------------87960----------High-------------------
`You plan to use the dataset to train a model that will predict the house price categories of houses.
`What are Household Income and House Price Category?

- [x] Houshold Income: A feature
- [ ] Houshold Income: A label
- [ ] House Price Category: A feature
- [x] House Price Category: A label



#### 42::
`Azure Machine Learning designer lets you create machine learning models by 

- [x] adding and connecting modules on a visual canvas. 
- [ ] automatically performing common data preparation tasks. 
- [ ] automatically selecting an algorithm to build the most accurate model. 
- [ ] using a code-first notebook experience. 


#### 43 ::
`Automated machine learning provides you with the ability to include custom Python scripts in a training pipeline. 

- [ ] Yes 
- [x] No


#### 43 ::
`Automated machine learning implements machine learning solutions without the need for programming experience. 

- [x] Yes 
- [ ] No


#### 43 ::
`Automated machine learning provides you with the ability to visually connect datasets and modules on an interactive canvas. 

- [ ] Yes 
- [x] No


#### 44::
`A medical research project uses a large anonymized dataset of brain scan images that are categorized into predefined brain haemorrhage types.
`You need to use machine learning to support early detection of the different brain haemorrhage types in the images before the images are reviewed by a person.
`This is an example of which type of machine learning?

- [ ] clustering
- [ ] regression
- [x] classification


#### 45::
`When training a model, why should you randomly split the rows into separate subsets?

- [ ] to train the model twice to attain better accuracy
- [ ] to train multiple models simultaneously to attain better performance
- [x] to test the model by using data that was not used to train the model


#### 46::
`You are evaluating whether to use a basic workspace or an enterprise workspace in Azure Machine Learning.
`What are two tasks that require an enterprise workspace?

- [x] Use a graphical user interface (GUI) to run automated machine learning experiments.
- [ ] Create a compute instance to use as a workstation.
- [x] Use a graphical user interface (GUI) to define and run machine learning experiments from Azure Machine Learning designer.
- [ ] Create a dataset from a comma-separated value (CSV) file.


#### 47::
`You need to predict the income range of a given customer by using the following dataset.
`First Name | Last Name | Age | Education Level | Income Range
`Orlando    | Gee       | 45  | University      | 25_000-50_000
`Keith      | Harris    | 36  | High school     | 25_000-50_000
`Donna      | Carreras  | 52  | University      | 50_000-75_000
`Janet      | Gates     | 21  | University      | 75_000-100_000
`Lucy       | Harrington| 68  | High school     | 50_000-75_000
`Which two fields should you use as features?

- [x] Education Level
- [ ] Last Name
- [x] Age
- [ ] Income Range
- [ ] First Name


#### 48::
`You are building a tool that will process images from retail stores and identify the products of competitors.
`The solution will use a custom model.
`Which Azure Cognitive Services service should you use?

- [x] Custom Vision
- [ ] Form Recognizer
- [ ] Face
- [ ] Computer Vision