
##   4.2°_n75-100_septneworder

#### 0020.b, Q19p14.2 ::You develop an Azure solution that uses Cosmos DB.
`The current Cosmos DB container must be replicated and must use a partition key that is optimized for queries.
`You need to implement a change feed processor solution.
`Which change feed processor components should you use?
`
`Coordinate processing of the change feed across multiple workers. 

- [ ] Host
- [ ] Delegate
- [x] Lease container
- [ ] Monitored container


#### 0020.c, Q19p14.2 ::You develop an Azure solution that uses Cosmos DB.
`The current Cosmos DB container must be replicated and must use a partition key that is optimized for queries.
`You need to implement a change feed processor solution.
`Which change feed processor components should you use?
`
`Use the change feed processor to listen for changes. 

- [x] Host
- [ ] Delegate
- [ ] Lease container
- [ ] Monitored container


#### 0020.d, Q19p14.2 ::You develop an Azure solution that uses Cosmos DB.
`The current Cosmos DB container must be replicated and must use a partition key that is optimized for queries.
`You need to implement a change feed processor solution.
`Which change feed processor components should you use?
`
`Handle each batch of changes

- [ ] Host
- [x] Delegate
- [ ] Lease container
- [ ] Monitored container

[//] - 0021_todo
[//] - 0022_image

#### 0023 ::You develop and deploy a web application to Azure App Service. 
`The application accesses data stored in an Azure Storage account. 
`The account contains several containers with several blobs with large amounts of data. 
`You deploy all Azure resources to a single region.
`You need to move the Azure Storage account to the new region. You must copy all data to the new region.
`What should you do first?

- [x] Export the Azure Storage account Azure Resource Manager template
- [ ] Initiate a storage account failover
- [ ] Configure object replication for all blobs
- [ ] Use the AzCopy command line tool
- [ ] Create a new Azure Storage account in the current region
- [ ] Create a new subscription in the current region

[//] - 0024_todo
[//] - 0025_todo
[//] - 0026_todo
[//] - 0027_todo
[//] - 0028_todo
[//] - 0029_todo
[//] - 0030_todo
[//] - 0031_todo
[//] - 0032_todo

#### 00001 [100%] ::You are developing a Java application that uses Cassandra to store key and value data. You plan to use a new Azure Cosmos DB resource and the Cassandra
`API in the application. You create an Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) group named Cosmos DB Creators to enable provisioning of Azure Cosmos accounts, databases, and containers.
`The Azure AD group must not be able to access the keys that are required to access the data.
`You need to restrict access to the Azure AD group.
`Which role-based access control should you use?

- [ ] DocumentDB Accounts Contributor
- [ ] Cosmos Backup Operator
- [x] Cosmos DB Operator
- [ ] Cosmos DB Account Reader

#### 0000.2 [67%] ::You are developing a website that will run as an Azure Web App. Users will authenticate by using their Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) credentials.
`You plan to assign users one of the following permission levels for the website: admin, normal, and reader. A user's Azure AD group membership must be used to determine the permission level.
`You need to configure authorization.
`Solution: Configure the Azure Web App for the website to allow only authenticated requests and require Azure AD log on.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No



#### 0000.3 [100%] ::You are developing a website that will run as an Azure Web App. Users will authenticate by using their Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) credentials.
`You plan to assign users one of the following permission levels for the website: admin, normal, and reader. A user's Azure AD group membership must be used to determine the permission level.
`You need to configure authorization.
`Solution:
`✑ Create a new Azure AD application. In the application's manifest, set value of the groupMembershipClaims option to All.
`✑ In the website, use the value of the groups claim from the JWT for the user to determine permissions.
`Does the solution meet the goal?

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No






































