## Amazon Web Services (AWS) 120-150

#### Q121::
`Which AWS service provides a feature that can be used to proactively monitor and plan for the service quotas of AWS resources?

- [ ] AWS CloudTrail
- [ ] AWS Personal Health Dashboard
- [ ] AWS Trusted Advisor
- [x] Amazon CloudWatch


#### Q122. ::
`Which of the following is an advantage that users experience when they move on-premises workloads to the AWS Cloud?

- [x] Elimination of expenses for running and maintaining data centers
- [ ] Price discounts that are identical to discounts from hardware providers
- [ ] Distribution of all operational controls to AWS
- [ ] Elimination of operational expenses

#### Q123. ::
`Which design principle is included in the operational excellence pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework?


- [ ] Create annotated documentation.
- [x] Anticipate failure.
- [ ] Ensure performance efficiency.
- [ ] Optimize costs.



#### Q124. :: 
`Which AWS services offer gateway VPC endpoints that can be used to avoid sending traffic over the internet? (Choose two.)

- [ ] Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS)
- [ ] Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS)
- [ ] AWS CodeBuild
- [x] Amazon S3
- [x] Amazon DynamoDB

#### Q125. ::
`Which of the following is the customer responsible for updating and patching, according to the AWS shared responsibility model?

- [ ] Amazon FSx for Windows File Server
- [x] Amazon WorkSpaces virtual Windows desktop
- [ ] AWS Directory Service for Microsoft Active Directory
- [ ] Amazon RDS for Microsoft SQL Server

#### Q126. ::
`Who has the responsibility to patch the host operating system of an Amazon EC2 instance, according to the AWS shared responsibility model?

- [ ] Both AWS and the customer
- [ ] The customer only
- [ ] The EC2 hardware manufacturer
- [x] AWS only

#### Q127. :: 
`A company is using an Amazon RDS DB instance for an application that is deployed in the AWS Cloud. The company needs regular patching of the operating system of the server where the DB instance runs.
`What is the company's responsibility in this situation, according to the AWS shared responsibility model?

- [ ] Open a support case to obtain administrative access to the server so that the company can patch the DB instance operating system.
- [ ] Open a support case and request that AWS patch the DB instance operating system.
- [ ] Use administrative access to the server, and apply the operating system patches during the regular maintenance window that is defined for the DB instance.
- [x] Establish a regular maintenance window that tells AWS when to patch the DB instance operating system.

#### Q128. ::
`Why is an AWS Well-Architected review a critical part of the cloud design process?


- [ ] A Well-Architected review is mandatory before a workload can run on AWS.
- [x] A Well-Architected review helps identify design gaps and helps evaluate design decisions and related documents.
- [ ] A Well-Architected review is an audit mechanism that is a part of requirements for service level agreements.
- [ ] A Well-Architected review eliminates the need for ongoing auditing and compliance tests.


#### Q129. ::
`A company implements an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling policy along with an Application Load Balancer to automatically recover unhealthy applications that run on
`Amazon EC2 instances.
`Which pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework does this action cover?

- [ ] Security
- [ ] Performance efficiency
- [ ] Operational excellence
- [x] Reliability


#### Q130. ::
`Which AWS Cloud benefit is shown by an architecture's ability to withstand failures with minimal downtime?

- [ ] Agility
- [ ] Elasticity
- [ ] Scalability
- [x] High availability

#### Q131. ::
`Under the AWS shared responsibility model, which task is the customer's responsibility when managing AWS Lambda functions?

- [x] Creating versions of Lambda functions
- [ ] Maintaining server and operating systems
- [ ] Scaling Lambda resources according to demand
- [ ] Updating the Lambda runtime environment

#### Q132. ::
`What does the AWS Concierge Support team provide?

- [ ] A technical expert dedicated to the user
- [x] A primary point of contact for AWS Billing and AWS Support
- [ ] A partner to help provide scaling guidance for an event launch
- [ ] A dedicated AWS staff member who reviews the user's application architecture

#### Q133. ::
`A company needs to generate reports that can break down cloud costs by product, by company-defined tags, and by hour, day, and month.
`Which AWS tool should the company use to meet these requirements?

- [ ] Reserved Instance utilization and coverage reports
- [ ] Savings Plans utilization reports
- [ ] AWS Budgets reports
- [x] AWS Cost and Usage Reports

#### Q134. ::
`A company has a serverless application that includes an Amazon API Gateway API, an AWS Lambda function, and an Amazon DynamoDB database.
`Which AWS service can the company use to trace user requests as they move through the application's components?

- [ ] AWS CloudTrail
- [ ] Amazon CloudWatch
- [ ] Amazon Inspector
- [x] AWS X-Ray

#### Q135. ::
`A company needs to set up a petabyte-scale data warehouse in the AWS Cloud.
`Which AWS service will meet this requirement?

- [ ] Amazon DynamoDB
- [ ] Amazon RDS
- [x] Amazon Redshift
- [ ] Amazon ElastiCache

#### Q136. ::
`Which AWS service is always provided at no charge?

- [ ] Amazon S3
- [x] AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)
- [ ] Elastic Load Balancers
- [ ] AWS WAF

#### Q137. ::
`A company needs to design an AWS disaster recovery plan to cover multiple geographic areas.
`Which action will meet this requirement?

- [ ] Configure multiple AWS accounts.
- [ ] Configure the architecture across multiple Availability Zones in an AWS Region.
- [x] Configure the architecture across multiple AWS Regions.
- [ ] Configure the architecture among many edge locations.

#### Q138. ::
`Which of the following is a benefit of moving from an on-premises data center to the AWS Cloud?

- [ ] Compute instances can be launched and terminated as needed to optimize costs.
- [x] Compute costs can be viewed in the AWS Billing and Cost Management console.
- [ ] Users retain full administrative access to their compute instances.
- [ ] Users can optimize costs by permanently running enough instances at peak load.

#### Q139. ::
`In which ways does the AWS Cloud offer lower total cost of ownership (TCO) of computing resources than on-premises data centers? (Choose two.)


- [x] AWS replaces upfront capital expenditures with pay-as-you-go costs.
- [ ] AWS is designed for high availability, which eliminates user downtime.
- [ ] AWS eliminates the need for on-premises IT staff.
- [x] AWS uses economies of scale to continually reduce prices.
- [ ] AWS offers a single pricing model for Amazon EC2 instances.

#### Q140. ::
`Which AWS service monitors AWS accounts for security threats?

- [x] Amazon GuardDuty
- [ ] AWS Secrets Manager
- [ ] Amazon Cognito
- [ ] AWS Certificate Manager (ACM)


#### Q141 ::
`Which benefit is included with an AWS Enterprise Support plan?

- [ ] AWS Partner Network (APN) support at no cost.
- [x] Designated support from an AWS technical account manager (TAM)
- [ ] On-site support from AWS engineers
- [ ] AWS managed compliance as code with AWS Config

#### Q142. ::
`Which task does AWS perform automatically?

- [x] Encrypt data that is stored in Amazon DynamoDB.
- [ ] Patch Amazon EC2 instances.
- [ ] Encrypt user network traffic.
- [ ] Create TLS certificates for users' websites.


#### Q143. ::
`Which AWS service or tool can a company use to visualize, understand, and manage AWS spending and usage over time?

- [ ] AWS Trusted Advisor
- [ ] Amazon CloudWatch
- [x] Cost Explorer
- [ ] AWS Budgets

#### Q144. ::
`A company wants to deploy some of its resources in the AWS Cloud. To meet regulatory requirements, the data must remain local and on premises. There must be low latency between AWS and the company resources.
`Which AWS service or feature can be used to meet these requirements?

- [ ] AWS Local Zones
- [ ] Availability Zones
- [x] AWS Outposts
- [ ] AWS Wavelength Zones

#### Q145. ::
`A company requires an isolated environment within AWS for security purposes.
`Which action can be taken to accomplish this?

- [ ] Create a separate Availability Zone to host the resources.
- [x] Create a separate VPC to host the resources.
- [ ] Create a placement group to host the resources.
- [ ] Create an AWS Direct Connect connection between the company and AWS.

#### Q146. ::
`Which AWS service is a highly available and scalable DNS web service?

- [ ] Amazon VPC
- [ ] Amazon CloudFront
- [x] Amazon Route 53
- [ ] Amazon Connect

#### Q147. ::
`Which of the following is an AWS best practice for managing an AWS account root user?

- [ ] Keep the root user password with the security team.
- [x] Enable multi-factor authentication (MFA) for the root user.
- [ ] Create an access key for the root user.
- [ ] Keep the root user password consistent for compliance purposes.

#### Q148. ::
`A company wants to improve its security and audit posture by limiting Amazon EC2 inbound access.
`What should the company use to access instances remotely instead of opening inbound SSH ports and managing SSH keys?

- [ ] EC2 key pairs
- [x] AWS Systems Manager Session Manager
- [ ] AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)
- [ ] Network ACLs

#### Q149.::
`After selecting an Amazon EC2 Dedicated Host reservation, which pricing option would provide the largest discount?

- [ ] No upfront payment
- [ ] Hourly on-demand payment
- [ ] Partial upfront payment
- [x] All upfront payment

#### Q150. ::
`A company has refined its workload to use specific AWS services to improve efficiency and reduce cost.
`Which best practice for cost governance does this example show?

- [ ] Resource controls
- [ ] Cost allocation
- [x] Architecture optimization
- [ ] Tagging enforcement
