##   p11-v5

#### Q441::
`A company wants to use the AWS Cloud to define its entire infrastructure as code. The company wants to limit human error and activate consistent responses to events.
`
`Which pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework does this plan support?

- [ ] Security
- [x] Operational excellence
- [ ] Cost optimization
- [ ] Reliability


#### Q442::
`A developer wants AWS users to access AWS services by using temporary security credentials.
`
`Which AWS service or feature should the developer use to provide these credentials?

- [ ] IAM policies
- [ ] IAM user groups
- [x] AWS Security Token Service (AWS STS)
- [ ] AWS IAM Identity Center (AWS Single Sign-On)

#### Q443 ::
`Which of the following is an architectural design principle of the AWS Well-Architected Framework?

- [x] Loosely couple components
- [ ] Build monolithic systems
- [ ] Scale vertically, not horizontally
- [ ] Use third-party software



#### Q444. :: 
`What does the Amazon S3 Intelligent-Tiering storage class offer?

- [ ] Payment flexibility by reserving storage capacity
- [ ] Long-term retention of data by copying the data to an encrypted Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume
- [x] Automatic cost savings by moving objects between tiers based on access pattern changes
- [ ] Secure, durable, and lowest cost storage for data archival

#### Q445. ::
`How does the AWS Cloud help companies build agility into their processes and cloud infrastructure?

- [ ] Companies can avoid provisioning too much capacity when they do not know how much capacity is required.
- [ ] Companies can expand into new geographic regions.
- [x] Companies can access a range of technologies to experiment and innovate quickly.
- [ ] Companies can pay for IT resources only when they use the resources.

#### Q446. ::
`Which of the following is a recommended design principle of the AWS Well-Architected Framework?

- [ ] Reduce downtime by making infrastructure changes infrequently and in large increments.
- [ ] Invest the time to configure infrastructure manually.
- [x] Learn to improve from operational failures.
- [ ] Use monolithic application design for centralization.

#### Q447. :: 
`An Availability Zone consists of:

- [x] one or more data centers in a single location.
- [ ] two or more data centers in multiple locations.
- [ ] one or more physical hosts in a single data center.
- [ ] two or more physical hosts in multiple data centers.

#### Q448. ::
`A company is designing a web application that will run on Amazon EC2 instances.
`
`Which AWS services and features will improve availability and reduce the impact of failures for this application? (Choose two.)

- [x] Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling for the EC2 instances
- [ ] VPC subnet ACLs to check the health of a service
- [x] Resources that are distributed across multiple Availability Zones
- [ ] Configuration of AWS Server Migration Service (AWS SMS) to move the EC2 instances to a different AWS Region
- [ ] Resources that are distributed across multiple AWS points of presence

#### Q449. ::
`Which fully managed AWS service assists with the creation, testing, and management of custom Amazon EC2 images?

- [x] EC2 Image Builder
- [ ] Amazon Machine Image (AMI)
- [ ] AWS Launch Wizard
- [ ] AWS Elastic Beanstalk


#### Q450. ::
`Which of the following describes an AWS Region?

- [x] Specific location within a geographic area that provides high availability
- [ ] Set of data centers spanning multiple countries
- [ ] A global picture of a user's cloud computing environment
- [ ] A collection of databases that can be accessed from a specific geographic area only

#### Q451. ::
`Which AWS service provides recommendations to help users optimize costs and follow AWS best practices?

- [x] AWS Trusted Advisor
- [ ] AWS Service Catalog
- [ ] AWS Ground Station
- [ ] Amazon GuardDuty

#### Q452. ::
`Which AWS service provides a cloud-based contact center that scales to support a business of any size?

- [ ] Amazon Personalize
- [ ] Amazon Cognito
- [x] Amazon Connect
- [ ] Amazon Lightsail

#### Q453. ::
`A financial company needs to centrally manage its AWS accounts and use consolidated billing.
`   
`Which AWS service or feature should the company use?

- [ ] AWS Cost Explorer
- [x] AWS Organizations
- [ ] AWS Billing and Cost Management
- [ ] AWS Budgets


#### Q454. ::
`A company is preparing for an audit and wants documentation that AWS complies with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS).
` 
`Where can the company find this documentation?

- [x] AWS Artifact
- [ ] AWS Organizations
- [ ] AWS Trusted Advisor
- [ ] AWS Support Center

#### Q455. ::
`A company stores data in an Amazon S3 bucket.
`
`Which task is the responsibility of AWS?

- [ ] Configure an S3 Lifecycle policy.
- [ ] Activate S3 Versioning.
- [ ] Configure S3 bucket policies.
- [x] Protect the infrastructure that supports S3 storage.

#### Q456. ::
`Which AWS service allows a user to provision a managed MySQL DB instance?

- [ ] Amazon DynamoDB
- [ ] Amazon Redshift
- [x] Amazon RDS
- [ ] AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS)

#### Q457. ::
`Which AWS service should a cloud practitioner use to receive real-time guidance for provisioning resources, based on AWS best practices related to security, cost optimization, and service limits?

- [x] AWS Trusted Advisor
- [ ] AWS Config
- [ ] AWS Security Hub
- [ ] AWS Systems Manager

#### Q458. ::
`Which statements represent the cost-effectiveness of the AWS Cloud? (Choose two.)

- [x] Users can trade fixed expenses for variable expenses.
- [ ] Users can deploy all over the world in minutes.
- [ ] AWS offers increased speed and agility.
- [ ] AWS is responsible for patching the infrastructure.
- [x] Users benefit from economies of scale.

#### Q459. ::
`Which AWS service stores graph data in the form of vertices and edges?

- [ ] Amazon DynamoDB
- [ ] Amazon RDS
- [ ] Amazon Quantum Ledger Database (Amazon QLDB)
- [x] Amazon Neptune

#### Q460. ::
`When designing AWS workloads to be operational even when there are component failures, what is an AWS best practice?

- [ ] Perform quarterly disaster recovery tests.
- [ ] Place the main component on the us-east-1 Region.
- [x] Design for automatic failover to healthy resources.
- [ ] Design workloads to fit on a single Amazon EC2 instance.

#### Q461. ::
`A company wants to protect resources that the company hosts on AWS, including Application Load Balancers and Amazon CloudFront distributions. The company wants an AWS service that can provide near real-time visibility into attacks on the company's resources. The service must also have a dedicated AWS team to assist with distributed denial of service (DDoS) attacks.
`
`Which AWS service will meet these requirements?

- [ ] AWS WAF
- [ ] AWS Shield Standard
- [ ] Amazon Macie
- [x] AWS Shield Advanced

#### Q462. ::
`Which AWS Support plan provides customers with access to an AWS technical account manager (TAM)?

- [ ] AWS Basic Support
- [ ] AWS Developer Support
- [ ] AWS Business Support
- [x] AWS Enterprise Support


#### Q463. ::
`Which task is the responsibility of a company that is using Amazon RDS?

- [ ] Provision the underlying infrastructure.
- [x] Create IAM policies to control administrative access to the service.
- [ ] Install the cables to connect the hardware for compute and storage.
- [ ] Install and patch the RDS operating system.

#### Q464. ::
`A company has an application with robust hardware requirements. The application must be accessed by students who are using lightweight, low-cost laptops.
`
`Which AWS service will help the company deploy the application without investing in backend infrastructure or high-end client hardware?

- [x] Amazon AppStream 2.0
- [ ] AWS AppSync
- [ ] Amazon WorkLink
- [ ] AWS Elastic Beanstalk

#### Q465. ::
`Which of the following is an AWS value proposition that describes a user's ability to scale infrastructure based on demand?

- [ ] Speed of innovation
- [x] Resource elasticity
- [ ] Decoupled architecture
- [ ] Global deployment

#### Q466. ::
`A company needs to organize its resources and track AWS costs on a detailed level. The company needs to categorize costs by business department, environment, and application.
`
`Which solution will meet these requirements?

- [ ] Access the AWS Cost Management console to organize resources, set an AWS budget, and receive notifications of unintentional usage.
- [x] Use tags to organize the resources. Activate cost allocation tags to track AWS costs on a detailed level.
- [ ] Create Amazon CloudWatch dashboards to visually organize and track costs individually.
- [ ] Access the AWS Billing and Cost Management dashboard to organize and track resource consumption on a detailed level.

#### Q467. ::
`Using Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) to break down a monolithic architecture into microservices is an example of:

- [x] a loosely coupled architecture.
- [ ] a tightly coupled architecture.
- [ ] a stateless architecture.
- [ ] a stateful architecture.

#### Q468. ::
`Which AWS benefit is demonstrated by on-demand technology services that enable companies to replace upfront fixed expenses with variable expenses?

- [ ] High availability
- [ ] Economies of scale
- [x] Pay-as-you-go pricing
- [ ] Global reach

#### Q469. ::
`Which AWS service is a key-value database that provides sub-millisecond latency on a large scale?

- [x] Amazon DynamoDB
- [ ] Amazon Aurora
- [ ] Amazon DocumentDB (with MongoDB compatibility)
- [ ] Amazon Neptune

#### Q470. ::
`A company stores several terabytes of data in an Amazon S3 bucket. The company needs to query the data by using standard SQL and does not want to set up infrastructure.
`
`Which AWS service should the company use to meet these requirements?

- [ ] Amazon RDS
- [ ] Amazon Redshift
- [x] Amazon Athena
- [ ] Amazon EC2

#### Q471. ::
`Which AWS service supports the analysis, investigation, and identification of the root cause of security events and suspicious activities in an AWS account?

- [ ] Amazon Inspector
- [ ] Amazon Macie
- [x] Amazon Detective
- [ ] Amazon CloudWatch

#### Q472. ::
`A company plans to run its IT infrastructure in the AWS Cloud. The infrastructure must be highly available. The company also must minimize the network latency between servers.
`
`Which deployment scenario will meet these requirements?

- [ ] Deploy in multiple Availability Zones in multiple AWS Regions.
- [ ] Deploy in one Availability Zone in one AWS Region
- [ ] Deploy in multiple AWS Regions. Deploy in one Availability Zone in each Region.
- [x] Deploy in multiple Availability Zones in one AWS Region.

#### Q473. ::
`Which AWS service decouples application components so that the components run independently?

- [ ] Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS)
- [ ] Amazon Simple Workflow Service (Amazon SWF)
- [ ] AWS Glue
- [x] Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS)


#### Q474. ::
`A company is designing an application. For the data persistence layer, the company wants to use a NoSQL database.
`
`Which AWS service should the company use for the database?

- [ ] Amazon Redshift
- [ ] AWS DataSync
- [ ] Amazon Athena
- [x] Amazon DynamoDB

#### Q475. ::
`Which AWS service keeps track of SSL/TLS certificates, creates new certificates, and processes renewals?

- [ ] AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)
- [x] AWS Certificate Manager (ACM)
- [ ] AWS Config
- [ ] AWS Trusted Advisor

#### Q476. ::
`A company is using AWS Lambda.
`
`Which task is the company’s responsibility, according to the AWS shared responsibility model?

- [ ] Update the Lambda runtime language.
- [ ] Maintain the runtime environment.
- [ ] Maintain the networking infrastructure.
- [x] Configure the resource.

#### Q477. ::
`A company needs to process data from satellite communications without managing any infrastructure.
`
`Which AWS service should the company use to meet these requirements?

- [ ] Amazon CloudWatch
- [ ] Amazon Aurora
- [ ] Amazon Athena
- [x] AWS Ground Station

#### Q478. ::
`A company wants to run its applications in the AWS Cloud. The company does not have enough staff to maintain and protect its critical business applications.
`
`Which AWS service should the company use to perform these tasks?

- [ ] AWS Shield
- [ ] Amazon RDS
- [ ] AWS Config
- [x] AWS Managed Services (AMS)

#### Q479. ::
`A company needs to test a new application that was written in Python. The code will activate when new images are stored in an Amazon S3 bucket. The application will put a watermark on each image and then will store the images in a different S3 bucket.
`
`Which AWS service should the company use to conduct the test with the LEAST amount of operational overhead?

- [ ] Amazon EC2
- [ ] AWS Code Deploy
- [x] AWS Lambda
- [ ] Amazon Lightsail

#### Q480. ::
`A cloud engineer needs to track AWS costs. The cloud engineer also needs to receive event driven alerts when costs exceed specific thresholds.
`
`Which AWS tool provides this functionality?

- [ ] AWS Cost Explorer
- [x] AWS Budgets
- [ ] Cost allocation tags
- [ ] AWS Cost and Usage Reports

#### Q481. ::
`Which of the following is available to a company that has an AWS Business Support plan?

- [ ] AWS Support concierge
- [ ] AWS DDoS Response Team (DRT)
- [ ] AWS technical account manager (TAM)
- [x] AWS Health API

#### Q482. ::
`A company wants to migrate its on-premises data warehouse to AWS. The information in the data warehouse is used to populate analytics dashboards.
`
`Which AWS service should the company use for the data warehouse?

- [ ] Amazon ElastiCache
- [ ] Amazon Aurora
- [ ] Amazon RDS
- [x] Amazon Redshift


#### Q483. ::
`A company wants to use machine learning to identify suspicious activities in its AWS account.
`
`Which AWS service provides this functionality?

- [ ] AWS Shield
- [ ] Amazon Macie
- [x] Amazon Detective
- [ ] AWS WAF


#### Q484. ::
`A company is hosting a web application in a Docker container on Amazon EC2.
`
`AWS is responsible for which of the following tasks?

- [ ] Scaling the web application and services developed with Docker
- [ ] Provisioning or scheduling containers to run on clusters and maintain their availability
- [x] Performing hardware maintenance in the AWS facilities that run the AWS Cloud
- [ ] Managing the guest operating system, including updates and security patches
