##   p9_v2

#### Q353::
`Which AWS service allows for file sharing between multiple Amazon EC2 instances?

- [ ] AWS Direct Connect
- [ ] AWS Snowball Edge
- [ ] AWS Backup
- [x] Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)

#### Q354::
`A company is running and managing its own Docker environment on Amazon EC2 instances. The company wants an alternative to help manage cluster size, scheduling, and environment maintenance.
`Which AWS service meets these requirements?

- [ ] AWS Lambda
- [ ] Amazon RDS
- [x] AWS Fargate
- [ ] Amazon Athena

#### Q355 ::
`Which databases are available on Amazon RDS? (Choose two.)

- [ ] Sybase
- [x] Microsoft SQL Server
- [ ] IBM Db2
- [ ] MongoDB
- [x] PostgreSQL


#### Q356. :: 
`Which Amazon S3 feature or storage class uses the AWS backbone network and edge locations to reduce latencies from the end user to Amazon S3?

- [ ] S3 Cross-Region Replication
- [x] S3 Transfer Acceleration
- [ ] S3 Event Notifications
- [ ] S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA)

#### Q357. ::
`Which design principles of the AWS Well-Architected Framework help increase reliability? (Choose two.)

- [x] Automatically recover from failure.
- [ ] Enable traceability.
- [x] Scale horizontally to increase workload availability.
- [ ] Automate security best practices.
- [ ] Keep people away from data.

#### Q358. ::
`Management at a large company wants to avoid long-term contracts and is interested in AWS to move from fixed costs to variable costs.
`What is the value proposition of AWS for this company?

- [ ] Economy of scale
- [x] Pay-as-you-go pricing
- [ ] Volume discounts
- [ ] Cost optimization

#### Q359. :: 
`Which AWS service should a company use to decouple large monolithic applications into smaller microservices components?

- [ ] AWS Direct Connect
- [ ] Amazon Lightsail
- [x] Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS)
- [ ] Amazon CloudWatch

#### Q360. ::
`A company's system administrator discovers that someone logged in to the company's AWS account during the weekend and terminated an Amazon EC2 instance.
`Which AWS service should the system administrator use to identify who made this change?

- [ ] Amazon Inspector
- [ ] Amazon Pinpoint
- [x] AWS CloudTrail
- [ ] AWS Trusted Advisor

#### Q361. ::
`Which AWS service or tool lists all the users in an account and reports on the status of account details, including passwords, access keys, and multi-factor authentication (MFA) devices?

- [ ] AWS Shield
- [ ] AWS Trusted Advisor
- [ ] Amazon Inspector
- [x] IAM credential report


#### Q362. ::
`Which AWS service offers threat detection and continuously monitors for malicious activity and unauthorized behavior in AWS accounts?

- [ ] Amazon Macie
- [ ] AWS Config
- [x] Amazon GuardDuty
- [ ] Amazon Inspector

#### Q363. ::
`A company needs to use Amazon S3 to store audio files that are each 5 megabytes in size. The company will rarely access the files, but the company must be able to retrieve the files immediately.
`Which S3 storage class will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

- [ ] S3 Standard
- [x] S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA)
- [ ] S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval
- [ ] S3 Glacier Deep Archive

#### Q364. ::
`A user wants to control AWS services by using the AWS CLI.
`What are the MINIMUM security credentials that the user needs to achieve this goal?

- [ ] AWS account user name and password
- [ ] Multi-factor authentication (MFA)
- [x] Access keys
- [ ] Key pairs

#### Q365. ::
`A company has stopped all of its Amazon EC2 instances but monthly billing charges continue to occur.
`What could be causing this? (Choose two.)

- [x] Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) storage charges
- [ ] Operating system charges
- [ ] Hardware charges
- [x] Elastic IP charges
- [ ] Input/output (I/O) charges


#### Q366. ::
`A company has set up its IT infrastructure in the AWS Cloud. The company wants to receive detailed reports that break down AWS costs by the hour. The reports must be placed in an Amazon S3 bucket.
`Which AWS tool will meet these requirements?

- [x] AWS Cost and Usage Reports
- [ ] AWS Pricing Calculator
- [ ] Cost Explorer
- [ ] AWS Budgets

#### Q367. ::
`Which AWS service or feature enables users to block the incoming or outgoing traffic associated with specific IP addresses flowing through a VPC?

- [x] Network ACLs
- [ ] Security groups
- [ ] AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)
- [ ] AWS WAF

#### Q368. ::
`What is the customer ALWAYS responsible for managing, according to the AWS shared responsibility model?

- [ ] Software licenses
- [ ] Networking
- [x] Customer data
- [ ] Encryption keys

#### Q369. ::
`Which Reserved Instance (RI) provides the HIGHEST average cost savings compared to an On-Demand Instance?

- [ ] 1-year, No Upfront, Standard RI
- [ ] 1-year, All Upfront, Convertible RI
- [x] 3-year, All Upfront, Standard RI
- [ ] 3-year, No Upfront, Convertible RI

#### Q370. ::
`Elasticity in the AWS Cloud refers to which of the following? (Choose two.)

- [ ] How quickly an Amazon EC2 instance can be restarted
- [x] The ability to rightsize resources as demand shifts
- [ ] The maximum amount of RAM an Amazon EC2 instance can use
- [ ] The pay-as-you-go billing model
- [x] How easily resources can be procured when they are needed

#### Q371. ::
`A company has a set of ecommerce applications. The applications need to be able to send messages to each other.
`Which AWS service meets this requirement?

- [ ] AWS Auto Scaling
- [ ] Elastic Load Balancing
- [x] Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS)
- [ ] Amazon Kinesis Data Streams

#### Q372. ::
`A company wants to receive alerts when resources that are launched in the company's AWS account reach 80% of their service quotas.
`Which AWS service should the company use to meet this requirement?

- [ ] AWS CloudTrail
- [x] AWS Trusted Advisor
- [ ] AWS Config
- [ ] Amazon Inspector

#### Q373. ::
`Which pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework is focused on the ability of a workload to perform its intended function correctly and consistently at the expected time?

- [ ] Performance efficiency
- [ ] Operational excellence
- [x] Reliability
- [ ] Security

#### Q374. ::
`Which AWS tool acts as a firewall to control traffic in and out of subnets within a VPC?

- [ ] Security group
- [ ] Route table
- [ ] VPC endpoint
- [x] Network access control list (ACL)

#### Q375. ::
`A company is running a standard PostgreSQL database on premises. The company is migrating the database to the AWS Cloud and does not want to change the queries that access the database. The company must maximize the query performance.
`Which AWS service will meet these requirements?

- [ ] Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL
- [x] Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL
- [ ] Amazon DocumentDB (with MongoDB compatibility)
- [ ] Amazon DynamoDB


#### Q376. ::
`A company needs to use machine learning and pattern matching to identify and protect sensitive data that the company stores in the AWS Cloud.
`Which AWS service will meet these requirements?

- [ ] Amazon Inspector
- [x] Amazon Macie
- [ ] Amazon GuardDuty
- [ ] AWS Audit Manager

#### Q377. ::
`A company wants to offer direct phone and chat channels for customer service. The company needs a pay-as-you-go solution that remote customer service agents can use to create and manage voice and chat contact flows.
`Which AWS service will meet these requirements?

- [ ] Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events)
- [x] Amazon Connect
- [ ] Amazon Cognito
- [ ] AWS Direct Connect

#### Q378. ::
`A company has acquired several other companies. All the companies host their IT infrastructure in the AWS Cloud.
`Which AWS service should the acquiring company use to centralize the account management?

- [ ] AWS Systems Manager
- [x] AWS Organizations
- [ ] AWS Security Hub
- [ ] Amazon Workspaces

#### Q379. ::
`A company is using AWS for all its IT infrastructure. The company's developers are allowed to deploy applications on their own. The developers want to deploy their applications without having to provision the infrastructure themselves.
`Which AWS service should the developers use to meet these requirements?

- [ ] AWS Cloud Formation
- [x] AWS CodeBuild
- [ ] AWS Elastic Beanstalk
- [ ] AWS CodeDeploy

#### Q380. ::
`A company needs to analyze its AWS Cloud environment to determine whether the company is following security best practices. The company wants recommendations about how to close security gaps.
`Which AWS service should the company use to obtain these recommendations?

- [ ] AWS WAF
- [ ] AWS Systems Manager
- [x] AWS Trusted Advisor
- [ ] AWS Shield

#### Q381. ::
`A company is using AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM).
`Who can manage the access keys of the AWS account root user?

- [ ] IAM users in the same account that have been granted permission
- [ ] IAM roles in any account that have been granted permission
- [ ] IAM users and roles that have been granted permission
- [x] The AWS account owner

#### Q382. ::
`A company needs a managed NFS file system that the company can use with its AWS compute resources.
`Which AWS service or feature will meet these requirements?

- [ ] Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
- [ ] AWS Storage Gateway Tape Gateway
- [ ] Amazon S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval
- [x] Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)

#### Q383. ::
`What is the security best practice concerning sensitive data stored in Amazon S3?

- [ ] Enable cross-Region replication on the S3 bucket.
- [x] Enable S3 server-side encryption on the S3 bucket.
- [ ] Configure AWS WAF to prevent unauthorized access to the S3 bucket.
- [ ] Configure Amazon GuardDuty to prevent unauthorized access to the S3 bucket.

#### Q384. ::
`An application requires a database that offers consistent performance and latency that can be measured in single-digit milliseconds.
`Which AWS service meets these requirements?

- [x] Amazon DynamoDB
- [ ] Amazon RDS
- [ ] Amazon Redshift
- [ ] Amazon EMR

#### Q385. ::
`A company needs to block SQL injection attacks.
`Which AWS service or feature provides this functionality?

- [x] AWS WAF
- [ ] Network ACLs
- [ ] Security groups
- [ ] AWS Trusted Advisor

#### Q386. ::
`A company wants its Amazon EC2 instances to operate in a highly available environment, even if there is a natural disaster in a particular geographic area.
`Which solution achieves this goal?

- [ ] Use EC2 instances in a single Availability Zone
- [x] Use EC2 instances in multiple AWS Regions
- [ ] Use EC2 instances in multiple edge locations.
- [ ] Use Amazon CloudFront with the EC2 instances configured as the source.

#### Q387. ::
`Treating infrastructure as code in the AWS Cloud allows users to:

- [ ] automate migration of on-premises hardware to AWS data centers.
- [ ] let a third party automate an audit of the AWS infrastructure.
- [ ] turn over application code to AWS so it can run on the AWS infrastructure.
- [x] automate the infrastructure provisioning process.

#### Q388. ::
`A company needs to apply security rules to specific Amazon EC2 instances.
`Which AWS service or feature provides this functionality?

- [ ] AWS WAF
- [ ] Network ACLs
- [ ] Amazon VPC
- [x] Security groups

#### Q389. ::
`A company wants to run Amazon EC2 instances in locations that are near the company’s global users.
`Which aspect of the AWS environment will support this requirement?

- [ ] Availability Zone
- [x] Edge locations
- [ ] AWS Regions
- [ ] Regional edge caches

#### Q390. ::
`A company's project team needs to simultaneously mount a file system on multiple Amazon EC2 Linux instances. The file system also will be shared across multiple Availability Zones.
`Which AWS service will meet these requirements?

- [x] Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)
- [ ] Amazon S3
- [ ] Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
- [ ] Amazon FSx for Windows File Server

#### Q391. ::
`A large retail company wants to use an AWS service to process clickstream data from the company's ecommerce website. The company wants to collect and analyze the streaming data in real time.
`Which AWS service meets these requirements?

- [x] Amazon Kinesis
- [ ] Amazon Athena
- [ ] Amazon CloudFront
- [ ] AWS Data Exchange



#### Q392. ::
`Which pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework focuses on the return on investment of moving into the AWS Cloud?

- [ ] Sustainability
- [x] Cost optimization
- [ ] Operational excellence
- [ ] Reliability


#### Q393. ::
`A company is developing an application that the company will host on Amazon EC2 instances. The application must be available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. The company needs a scalable, highly available cloud architecture to support the application.
`Which guidelines should the company apply in its design to meet these requirements? (Choose two.)

- [ ] Use EC2 Spot Instances
- [x] Use Multi-AZ deployments.
- [x] Use Auto Scaling groups
- [ ] Use AWS Backup.
- [ ] Use EC2 Reserved Instances.


#### Q394. ::
`Which AWS service helps users audit API activity across their AWS account?

- [x] AWS CloudTrail
- [ ] Amazon Inspector
- [ ] AWS WAF
- [ ] AWS Config


#### Q395. ::
`Which AWS service should a company use to create a serverless workflow?

- [ ] Amazon Connect
- [ ] AWS Lambda
- [x] AWS Step Functions
- [ ] Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
- [ ] AWS CodeBuild


#### Q396. ::
`A company wants to build a data analytics application that uses Amazon Redshift. The company needs a cost estimate for its future Amazon Redshift usage.
`Which AWS tool will provide a high-level cost estimation?

- [ ] AWS Budgets
- [x] AWS Pricing Calculator
- [ ] AWS Cost Explorer
- [ ] Saving Plans
