##   p10_v_3

#### Q397::
`A company is using Amazon EC2 instances.
`Which tasks are the company's responsibility, according to the AWS shared responsibility model? (Choose two.)

- [ ] Choose the initial root password of new Linux instances.
- [x] Identify which users can access the EC2 instances, and manage their permissions in the operating system.
- [ ] Apply the updates of the hypervisor where the EC2 instances are running.
- [ ] Choose between a Wi-Fi connection and an Ethernet connection for the global internet access.
- [x] Identify and manage the users who are allowed to create or delete EC2 instances.


#### Q398::
`Which AWS service gives users the ability to run AWS services on premises?

- [ ] Amazon CloudFront
- [x] AWS Outposts
- [ ] AWS Global Accelerator
- [ ] Amazon VPC

#### Q399 ::
`Which guideline is a well-architected design principle tor building cloud applications?

- [ ] Keep static data closer to compute resources.
- [ ] Provision resources for peak capacity.
- [x] Design for automated recovery from failure.
- [ ] Use tightly coupled components.



#### Q400. :: 
`Which actions are examples of a company's effort to rightsize its AWS resources to control cloud costs? (Choose two.)

- [ ] Switch from Amazon RDS to Amazon DynamoDB to accommodate NoSQL datasets.
- [x] Base the selection of Amazon EC2 instance types on past utilization patterns.
- [x] Use Amazon S3 Lifecycle policies to move objects that users access infrequently to lower-cost storage tiers.
- [ ] Use Multi-AZ deployments for Amazon RDS.
- [ ] Replace existing Amazon EC2 instances with AWS Elastic Beanstalk.

#### Q401. ::
`Where can AWS users review answers to frequently asked questions about security in the AWS Cloud?

- [ ] AWS Trusted Advisor
- [x] AWS Knowledge Center
- [ ] AWS Support Center
- [ ] AWS Artifact

#### Q402. ::
`Which AWS service or feature can a company use to estimate AWS costs before provisioning workloads?

- [x] AWS Pricing Calculator
- [ ] AWS Cost and Usage Report
- [ ] Cost Explorer
- [ ] AWS Budgets

#### Q403. :: 
`An application that is hosted on Amazon EC2 has a steady and consistent workload. The application will operate for at least 1 year.
`What is the MOST cost-effective instance purchasing option to meet these requirements?

- [ ] Spot Instances
- [x] Reserved Instances
- [ ] On-Demand Instances
- [ ] Dedicated Hosts

#### Q404. ::
`A company needs to use dashboards and charts to analyze insights from business data.
`Which AWS service will provide the dashboards and charts for these insights?

- [ ] Amazon Macie
- [ ] Amazon Aurora
- [x] Amazon QuickSight
- [ ] AWS CloudTrail

#### Q405. ::
`Which of the following are security principles in the AWS Well-Architected Framework? (Choose two.)

- [ ] Analyze and attribute expenditures.
- [x] Monitor, alert, and audit actions and changes to AWS resources.
- [ ] Deploy globally in minutes.
- [x] Protect data in transit and at rest.
- [ ] Perform operations as code.


#### Q406. ::
`A company moves its infrastructure from on premises to the AWS Cloud. The company can now provision additional Amazon EC2 instances whenever the instances are required. With this ability, the company can launch new marketing campaigns in 3 days instead of 3 weeks.
`Which benefit of the AWS Cloud does this scenario demonstrate?

- [ ] Cost savings
- [ ] Improved operational resilience
- [x] Increased business agility
- [ ] Enhanced security

#### Q407. ::
`A company wants to design a reliable web application that is hosted on Amazon EC2.
`Which approach will achieve this goal?

- [ ] Launch large EC2 instances in the same Availability Zone
- [ ] Spread EC2 instances across more than one security group
- [x] Spread EC2 instances across more than one Availability Zone.
- [ ] Use an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) from AWS Marketplace.

#### Q408. ::
`Which AWS service should a company use to provision, manage, and deploy SSL/TLS certificates?

- [ ] AWS Secrets Manager
- [ ] Amazon Inspector
- [ ] AWS CodeDeploy
- [x] AWS Certificate Manager (ACM)

#### Q409. ::
`A company provides Amazon Workspaces to its remote employees. The company wants to prevent employees from using their virtual desktops to visit specific websites that are known to be malicious.
`Which AWS service should the company use to meet this requirement?

- [ ] AWS Shield Advanced
- [ ] Amazon Route 53
- [ ] Amazon GuardDuty
- [x] AWS Network Firewall


#### Q410. ::
`A company wants to build an application that uses AWS Lambda to run Python code.
`Under the AWS shared responsibility model, which tasks will be the company's responsibility? (Choose two.)

- [ ] Management of the underlying infrastructure
- [ ] Management of the operating system.
- [x] Writing the business logic code.
- [ ] Installation of the computer language runtime.
- [x] Providing AWS Identity and Access Management (1AM) access to the Lambda service.

#### Q411. ::
`Which of the following is one of the pillars of the AWS Well-Architected Framework?

- [ ] Efficiency and redundancy
- [ ] High availability
- [x] Operational excellence
- [ ] Business optimization

#### Q412. ::
`A company has multiple departments. The company must charge each department for its exact AWS Cloud usage, including data transfer costs.
`How can the company determine these costs by department?

- [x] Use one AWS account for each department.
- [ ] Use cost allocation tags on services that are used the most often.
- [ ] Use AWS Trusted Advisor.
- [ ] Use Savings Plans.

#### Q413. ::
`An ecommerce company has Amazon EC2 instances running as web servers. There is a predictable pattern of peak traffic load that occurs two times each day, always at the same time. The EC2 instances are idle for the remainder of the day.
`What is the MOST cost-effective way to manage these resources while maintaining fault tolerance?

- [x] Use an Auto Scaling group to scale resources in and out based on demand.
- [ ] Purchase Reserved Instances to ensure peak capacity at all times.
- [ ] Write a cron job to stop the EC2 instances when the traffic demand is low.
- [ ] Write a script to vertically scale the EC2 instances during peak traffic demand.

#### Q414. ::
`A company wants to integrate its online shopping website with social media login credentials.
`Which AWS service can the company use to make this integration?

- [ ] AWS Directory Service
- [ ] AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)
- [x] Amazon Cognito
- [ ] AWS IAM Identity Center (AWS Single Sign-On)

#### Q415. ::
`A company needs to create graphs that show historical and current costs for the company's AWS account.
`Which AWS service or tool provides this functionality?

- [ ] AWS Config
- [ ] AWS Cost and Usage Report
- [ ] AWS Budgets
- [x] AWS Cost Explorer

#### Q416. ::
`A company acquired another corporation. The company now has two AWS accounts.
`Which AWS service or tool can the company use to consolidate the billing for these two accounts?

- [ ] AWS Systems Manager
- [x] AWS Organizations
- [ ] AWS License Manager
- [ ] Cost Explorer

#### Q417. ::
`Which AWS Support plans provide a complete set of AWS Trusted Advisor checks?

- [ ] AWS Business Support and AWS Basic Support
- [x] AWS Enterprise Support and AWS Business Support
- [ ] AWS Enterprise Support and AWS Developer Support
- [ ] AWS Business Support and AWS Developer Support

#### Q418. ::
`Which of the following is a method for building a highly available application on AWS?

- [x] Place an Independent copy of the application in two or more Availability Zones.
- [ ] Place codependent components of the application in two or more Availability Zones
- [ ] Run one version of the application in one Availability Zone and run an earlier version of the application in a second Availability Zone.
- [ ] Deploy two copies of the application in a single Availability Zone.


#### Q419. ::
`Which statement is an AWS Cloud best practice that focuses on the elasticity and agility of cloud computing?

- [ ] Provision capacity based on past usage and theoretical peaks.
- [x] Dynamically scale to meet usage demands.
- [ ] Build the application and infrastructure in a data center that grants physical access.
- [ ] Break apart the application into loosely coupled components.

#### Q420. ::
`Which AWS service could an administrator use to provide desktop environments for several employees?

- [ ] AWS Organizations
- [ ] AWS Fargate
- [ ] AWS WAF
- [x] AWS Workspaces

#### Q421. ::
`A company simulates workflows to review and validate that all processes are effective and that staff are familiar with the processes.
`Which design principle of the AWS Well-Architected Framework is the company following with this practice?

- [x] Perform operations as code.
- [ ] Refine operation procedures frequently.
- [ ] Make frequent, small, reversible changes.
- [ ] Structure the company to support business outcomes.

#### Q422. ::
`Which AWS services or resources can a company use directly on its on-premises servers? (Choose two.)

- [x] AWS OpsWorks
- [ ] AWS CloudFormation
- [ ] AWS Storage Gateway
- [ ] Application Load Balancer
- [x] Amazon Cognito

#### Q423. ::
`According to the AWS shared responsibility model, the customer is responsible for applying the latest security updates and patches for which of the following?

- [ ] Amazon DynamoDB
- [x] Amazon EC2 instances
- [ ] Amazon RDS instances
- [ ] Amazon S3

#### Q424. ::
`Which cloud computing advantage is a company applying when it uses AWS Regions to increase application availability to users in different countries?

- [ ] Pay-as-you-go pricing
- [ ] Capacity forecasting
- [ ] Economies of scale
- [x] Global reach

#### Q425. ::
`Which option is an advantage of AWS Cloud computing that minimizes variable costs?

- [ ] High availability
- [x] Economies of scale
- [ ] Global reach
- [ ] Agility

#### Q426. ::
`Which action will help increase security in the AWS Cloud?

- [ ] Enable programmatic access for all IAM users.
- [ ] Use IAM users instead of IAM roles to delegate permissions.
- [x] Rotate access keys on a reoccurring basis.
- [ ] Use inline policies instead of customer managed policies.

#### Q427. ::
`A user wants to transport data between AWS and an on-premises environment using a private network connection.
`Which AWS service or feature can be used to meet these requirements?

- [ ] NAT gateway
- [x] AWS Direct Connect
- [ ] Amazon VPC
- [ ] Internet gateway

#### Q428. ::
`Which AWS service can serve a static website?

- [x] Amazon S3
- [ ] Amazon Route 53
- [ ] Amazon QuickSight
- [ ] AWS X-Ray

#### Q429. ::
`Which design principles are enabled by the AWS Cloud to improve the operation of workloads? (Choose two.)

- [ ] Minimize upfront design
- [x] Loose coupling
- [ ] Disposable resources
- [x] Server design and concurrency
- [ ] Minimal viable product

#### Q430. ::
`A large company has a workload that requires hardware to remain on premises. The company wants to use the same management and control plane services that it currently uses on AWS.
`
`Which AWS service should the company use to meet these requirements?

- [ ] AWS Device Farm
- [ ] AWS Fargate
- [x] AWS Outposts
- [ ] AWS Ground Station

#### Q431. ::
`Which of the following is included within the security pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework?

- [ ] Identity federation
- [x] Data protection
- [ ] Incident reporting
- [ ] Disaster recovery

#### Q432. ::
`A company has been storing monthly reports in an Amazon S3 bucket. The company exports the report data into comma-separated values (.csv) files. A developer wants to write a simple query that can read all of these files and generate a summary report.
`
`Which AWS service or feature should the developer use to meet these requirements with the LEAST amount of operational overhead?

- [x] Amazon S3 Select
- [ ] Amazon Athena
- [ ] Amazon Redshift
- [ ] Amazon EC2

#### Q433. ::
`A company wants the ability to accommodate peak application usage without purchasing equipment for on-premises data centers.
`
`Which AWS Cloud benefit is the company seeking?

- [ ] High availability
- [ ] Security
- [ ] Reliability
- [x] Elasticity

#### Q434. ::
`Which of the following are pillars of the AWS Well-Architected Framework? (Choose two.)

- [ ] Availability
- [x] Reliability
- [ ] Scalability
- [ ] Responsive design
- [x] Operational excellence

#### Q435. ::
`Which AWS service provides highly durable object storage?

- [x] Amazon S3
- [ ] Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)
- [ ] Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
- [ ] Amazon FSx

#### Q436. ::
`A company needs to migrate all of its development teams to a cloud-based integrated development environment (IDE).
`
`Which AWS service should the company use?

- [ ] AWS CodeBuild
- [x] AWS Cloud9
- [ ] AWS OpsWorks
- [ ] AWS Cloud Development Kit (AWS CDK)

#### Q437. ::
`Which AWS database service providers in-memory data storage?

- [ ] Amazon DynamoDB
- [x] Amazon ElastiCache
- [ ] Amazon RDS
- [ ] Amazon Timestream

#### Q438. ::
`A company needs a content delivery network that provides secure delivery of data, videos, applications, and APIs to users globally with low latency and high transfer speeds.
`
`Which AWS service meets these requirements?

- [x] Amazon CloudFront
- [ ] Elastic Load Balancing
- [ ] Amazon S3
- [ ] Amazon Elastic Transcoder

#### Q439. ::
`Which of the following are design principles for reliability in the AWS Cloud? (Choose two.)

- [ ] Build architectures with tightly coupled resources.
- [ ] Use AWS Trusted Advisor to meet security best practices.
- [x] Use automation to recover immediately from failure.
- [ ] Right size Amazon EC2 instances to ensure optimal performance.
- [x] Simulate failures to test recovery processes.

#### Q440. ::
`Which AWS service is a cloud security posture management (CSPM) service that aggregates alerts from various AWS services and partner products in a standardized format?

- [x] AWS Security Hub
- [ ] AWS Trusted Advisor
- [ ] Amazon EventBridge
- [ ] Amazon GuardDuty
