## Amazon Web Services (AWS) 60-90

#### Q181. ::
`Which AWS service can a company use to store and manage Docker images?

- [ ] Amazon DynamoDB
- [ ] Amazon Kinesis Data Streams
- [x] Amazon Elastic Container Registry (Amazon ECR)
- [ ] Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)


#### Q182.::
`A company needs an automated security assessment report that will identify unintended network access to Amazon EC2 instances. The report also must identify operating system vulnerabilities on those instances.
`Which AWS service or feature should the company use to meet this requirement?

- [ ] AWS Trusted Advisor
- [ ] Security groups
- [ ] Amazon Macie
- [x] Amazon Inspector



#### Q183. ::
`A global company is building a simple time-tracking mobile app. The app needs to operate globally and must store collected data in a database. Data must be accessible from the AWS Region that is closest to the user.
`What should the company do to meet these data storage requirements with the LEAST amount of operational overhead?

- [ ] Use Amazon EC2 in multiple Regions to host separate databases
- [ ] Use Amazon RDS cross-Region replication
- [x] Use Amazon DynamoDB global tables
- [ ] Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS)


#### Q184. :: 
`Which of the following are economic advantages of the AWS Cloud? (Choose two.)

- [x] Increased workforce productivity
- [ ] Decreased need to encrypt user data
- [ ] Manual compliance audits
- [x] Simplified total cost of ownership (TCO) accounting
- [ ] Faster product launches

#### Q185. ::
`Which controls does the customer fully inherit from AWS in the AWS shared responsibility model?

- [ ] Patch management controls
- [ ] Awareness and training controls
- [x] Physical and environmental controls
- [ ] Configuration management controls
 

#### Q186. ::
`Which task is a customer's responsibility, according to the AWS shared responsibility model?

- [x] Management of the guest operating systems
- [ ] Maintenance of the configuration of infrastructure devices
- [ ] Management of the host operating systems and virtualization
- [ ] Maintenance of the software that powers Availability Zones

#### Q187. :: 
`A company needs to deliver new website features quickly in an iterative manner to minimize the time to market.
`Which AWS Cloud concept does this requirement represent?


- [ ] Reliability
- [ ] Elasticity
- [x] Agility
- [ ] High availability

#### Q188. ::
`A company wants to increase its ability to recover its infrastructure in the case of a natural disaster.
`Which pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework does this ability represent?


- [ ] Cost optimization
- [ ] Performance efficiency
- [x] Reliability
- [ ] Security

#### Q189. ::
`Which AWS service tracks API calls and user activity?

- [ ] AWS Organizations
- [ ] AWS Config
- [ ] Amazon CloudWatch
- [x] AWS CloudTrail

#### Q190. ::
`Which AWS service, feature, or tool uses machine learning to continuously monitor cost and usage for unusual cloud spending?

- [ ] Amazon Lookout for Metrics
- [ ] AWS Budgets
- [ ] Amazon CloudWatch
- [x] AWS Cost Anomaly Detection

#### Q191. ::
`A company deployed an application on an Amazon EC2 instance. The application ran as expected for 6 months in the past week, users have reported latency issues. A system administrator found that the CPU utilization was at 100% during business hours. The company wants a scalable solution to meet demand.
`Which AWS service or feature should the company use to handle the load for its application during periods of high demand?

- [x] Auto Scaling groups
- [ ] AWS Global Accelerator
- [ ] Amazon Route 53
- [ ] An Elastic IP address

#### Q192. ::
`A company wants to migrate to AWS and use the same security software it uses on premises. The security software vendor offers its security software as a service on AWS.
Where can the company purchase the security solution?

- [ ] AWS Partner Solutions Finder
- [ ] AWS Support Center
- [ ] AWS Management Console
- [x] AWS Marketplace

#### Q193. ::
`A company is generating large sets of critical data in its on-premises data center. The company needs to securely transfer the data to AWS for processing. These transfers must occur daily over a dedicated connection.
`Which AWS service should the company use to meet these requirements?

- [ ] AWS Backup
- [ ] AWS DataSync
- [x] AWS Direct Connect
- [ ] AWS Snowball

#### Q194. ::
`A company wants to run production workloads on AWS. The company wants access to technical support from engineers 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. The company also wants access to the AWS Health API and contextual architectural guidance for business use cases. The company has a strong IT support team and does not need concierge support.
`Which AWS Support plan will meet these requirements at the LOWEST cost?

- [ ] AWS Basic Support
- [ ] AWS Developer Support
- [x] AWS Business Support
- [ ] AWS Enterprise Support

#### Q195. ::
`Which of the following is a managed AWS service that is used specifically for extract, transform, and load (ETL) data?

- [ ] Amazon Athena
- [x] AWS Glue
- [ ] Amazon S3
- [ ] AWS Snowball Edge

#### Q196. ::
`Which of the following actions are controlled with AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)? (Choose two.)

- [x] Control access to AWS service APIs and to other specific resources.
- [ ] Provide intelligent threat detection and continuous monitoring.
- [x] Protect the AWS environment using multi-factor authentication (MFA).
- [ ] Grant users access to AWS data centers.
- [ ] Provide firewall protection for applications from common web attacks.

#### Q197. ::
`Which of the following are shared controls that apply to both AWS and the customer, according to the AWS shared responsibility model? (Choose two.)

- [x] Resource configuration management
- [ ] Network data integrity
- [x] Employee awareness and training
- [ ] Physical and environmental security
- [ ] Replacement and disposal of disk drives


#### Q198. ::
`What information is found on an AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) credential report? (Choose two.)

- [x] The date and time when an IAM user's password was last used to sign in to the AWS Management Console.
- [ ] The type of multi-factor authentication (MFA) device assigned to an IAM user.
- [x] The User-Agent browser identifier for each IAM user currently logged in.
- [ ] Whether multi-factor authentication (MFA) has been enabled for an IAM user.
- [ ] The number of incorrect login attempts by each IAM user in the previous 30 days.

#### Q199. ::
`What is the LEAST expensive AWS Support plan that contains a full set of AWS Trusted Advisor best practice checks?

- [ ] AWS Enterprise Support
- [x] AWS Business Support
- [ ] AWS Developer Support
- [ ] AWS Basic Support

#### Q200. ::
`Which AWS service provides domain registration, DNS routing, and service health checks?

- [ ] AWS Direct Connect
- [x] Amazon Route 53
- [ ] Amazon CloudFront
- [ ] Amazon API Gateway

#### Q201. ::
`A bank needs to store recordings of calls made to its contact center for 6 years. The recordings must be accessible within 48 hours from the time they are requested.
`Which AWS service will provide a secure and cost-effective solution for retaining these files?

- [ ] Amazon DynamoDB
- [ ] Amazon S3 Glacier
- [x] Amazon Connect
- [ ] Amazon ElastiCache

#### Q202. ::
`Which AWS service should be used to migrate a company's on-premises MySQL database to Amazon RDS?

- [ ] AWS Direct Connect
- [ ] AWS Server Migration Service (AWS SMS)
- [x] AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS)
- [ ] AWS Schema Conversion Tool (AWS SCT)


#### Q203. ::
`Which benefits does a company gain when the company moves from on-premises IT architecture to the AWS Cloud? (Choose two.)

- [x] Reduced or eliminated tasks for hardware troubleshooting, capacity planning, and procurement
- [ ] Elimination of the need for trained IT staff
- [ ] Automatic security configuration of all applications that are migrated to the cloud
- [ ] Elimination of the need for disaster recovery planning
- [x] Faster deployment of new features and applications

#### Q204. ::
`Which of the following is a benefit of decoupling an AWS Cloud architecture?

- [ ] Reduced latency
- [x] Ability to upgrade components independently
- [ ] Decreased costs
- [ ] Fewer components to manage

#### Q205. ::
`Which task is the responsibility of the customer according to the AWS shared responsibility model?

- [ ] Maintain the security of the hardware that runs Amazon EC2 instances.
- [x] Patch the guest operating system of Amazon EC2 instances.
- [ ] Protect the security of the AWS global infrastructure.
- [ ] Patch Amazon RDS software.

#### Q206. ::
`Which AWS Organizations feature can be used to track charges across multiple accounts and report the combined cost?

- [ ] Service control policies (SCPs)
- [ ] Cost Explorer
- [x] Consolidated billing
- [ ] AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)

#### Q207. ::
`Which of the following is a cloud benefit that AWS offers to its users?

- [ ] The ability to configure AWS data center hypervisors
- [ ] The ability to purchase hardware in advance of increased traffic
- [x] The ability to deploy to AWS on a global scale
- [ ] Compliance audits for user IT environments

#### Q208. ::
`An ecommerce company has migrated its IT infrastructure from an on-premises data center to the AWS Cloud.
`Which cost is the company's direct responsibility?

- [x] Cost of application software licenses
- [ ] Cost of the hardware infrastructure on AWS
- [ ] Cost of power for the AWS servers
- [ ] Cost of physical security for the AWS data center

#### Q209.::
`What are the five pillars of the AWS Well-Architected Framework?

- [ ] Encryption, documentation, speed, hybrid design, and cost optimization
- [ ] Containerization, cost margins, globalization, marketplace, and developer operations
- [ ] Network, compute, storage, security, and developer operations
- [x] Operational excellence, reliability, performance efficiency, security, and cost optimization


#### Q210. ::
`A company accepts enrollment applications on handwritten paper forms. The company uses a manual process to enter the form data into its backend systems.
`The company wants to automate the process by scanning the forms and capturing the enrollment data from scanned PDF files.
`Which AWS service should the company use to build this process?

- [ ] Amazon Rekognition
- [x] Amazon Textract
- [ ] Amazon Transcribe
- [ ] Amazon Comprehend
