##   p6


#### Q221. ::
`Which statements explain the business value of migration to the AWS Cloud? (Choose two.)

- [ ] The migration of enterprise applications to the AWS Cloud makes these applications automatically available on mobile devices.
- [x] AWS availability and security provide the ability to improve service level agreements (SLAs) while reducing risk and unplanned downtime.
- [ ] Companies that migrate to the AWS Cloud eliminate the need to plan for high availability and disaster recovery.
- [x] Companies that migrate to the AWS Cloud reduce IT costs related to infrastructure, freeing budget for reinvestment in other areas.
- [ ] Applications are modernized because migration to the AWS Cloud requires companies to rearchitect and rewrite all enterprise applications.

#### Q222. ::
`A company needs to identify personally identifiable information (PII), such as credit card numbers, from data that is stored in Amazon S3.
`Which AWS service should the company use to meet this requirement?

- [ ] Amazon Inspector
- [ ] AWS Shield
- [ ] Amazon GuardDuty
- [x] Amazon Macie

#### Q223. ::
`Which AWS services or tools are designed to protect a workload from SQL injections, cross-site scripting, and DDoS attacks? (Choose two.)

- [ ] VPC endpoint
- [ ] Virtual private gateway
- [ ] AWS Shield Standard
- [ ] AWS Config
- [x] AWS WAF

#### Q224. ::
`A company wants to forecast future costs and usage of AWS resources based on past consumption.
`Which AWS service or tool will provide this forecast?

- [ ] AWS Cost and Usage Report
- [ ] Amazon Forecast
- [ ] AWS Pricing Calculator
- [x] Cost Explorer

#### Q225. ::
`Which AWS services use cloud-native storage that provides replication across multiple Availability Zones by default? (Choose two.)

- [ ] Amazon ElastiCache
- [ ] Amazon RDS for Oracle
- [x] Amazon Neptune
- [x] Amazon DocumentDB (with MongoDB compatibility)
- [ ] Amazon Redshift

#### Q226. ::
`Which AWS services are serverless? (Choose two.)

- [x] AWS Fargate
- [ ] Amazon Managed Streaming for Apache Kafka
- [ ] Amazon EMR
- [x] Amazon S3
- [ ] Amazon EC2

#### Q227. ::
`Which task is the responsibility of AWS, according to the AWS shared responsibility model?

- [ ] Apply guest operating system patches to Amazon EC2 instances.
- [ ] Provide monitoring of human resources information management (HRIM) systems.
- [x] Perform automated backups of Amazon RDS instances.
- [ ] Optimize the costs of running AWS services.

#### Q228. ::
`A company needs to deploy a PostgreSQL database into Amazon RDS. The database must be highly available and fault tolerant.
`Which AWS solution should the company use to meet these requirements?

- [ ] Amazon RDS with a single Availability Zone
- [ ] Amazon RDS snapshots
- [x] Amazon RDS with multiple Availability Zones
- [ ] AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS)


#### Q229. ::
`A company wants to add facial identification to its user verification process on an application.
`Which AWS service should the company use to meet this requirement?

- [ ] Amazon Polly
- [ ] Amazon Transcribe
- [ ] Amazon Lex
- [x] Amazon Rekognition

#### Q230. ::
`A company wants the ability to quickly upload its applications to the AWS Cloud without needing to provision underlying resources.
`Which AWS service will meet these requirements?

- [ ] AWS CloudFormation
- [x] AWS Elastic Beanstalk
- [ ] AWS CodeDeploy
- [ ] AWS CodeCommit

#### Q231. ::
`Which AWS service monitors CPU utilization on Amazon EC2 instances?

- [ ] AWS CloudTrail
- [ ] Amazon Inspector
- [ ] AWS Config
- [x] Amazon CloudWatch

#### Q232. ::
`A company needs to label its AWS resources so that the company can categorize and track costs.
`What should the company do to meet this requirement?

- [x] Use cost allocation tags.
- [ ] Use AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM).
- [ ] Use AWS Organizations.
- [ ] Use the AWS Cost Management coverage report.


#### Q233. ::
`A company wants its employees to have access to virtual desktop infrastructure to securely access company-provided desktops through the employees' personal devices.
`Which AWS service should the company use to meet these requirements?

- [ ] Amazon AppStream 2.0
- [ ] AWS AppSync
- [ ] Amazon FSx for Windows File Server
- [x] Amazon WorkSpaces

#### Q234. ::
`Which task can a company complete by using AWS Organizations?

- [ ] Track application deployment statuses globally.
- [ ] Remove unused and underutilized AWS resources across all accounts.
- [ ] Activate DDoS protection across all accounts.
- [x] Share pre-purchased Amazon EC2 resources across accounts.

#### Q235. ::
`A user has been granted permission to change their own IAM user password.
`Which AWS services can the user use to change the password? (Choose two.)

- [x] AWS Command Line Interface (AWS CLI)
- [ ] AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS)
- [x] AWS Management Console
- [ ] AWS Resource Access Manager (AWS RAM)
- [ ] AWS Secrets Manager


#### Q236. ::
`A company needs to run an application on Amazon EC2 instances. The instances cannot be interrupted at any time. The company needs an instance purchasing option that requires no long-term commitment or upfront payment.
`Which instance purchasing option will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

- [x] On-Demand Instances
- [ ] Spot Instances
- [ ] Dedicated Hosts
- [ ] Reserved Instances

#### Q237. ::
`A company uses Amazon EC2 instances to run its web application. The company uses On-Demand Instances and Spot Instances. The company needs to visualize its monthly spending on both types of instances.
`Which AWS service or feature will meet this requirement?

- [x] AWS Cost Explorer
- [ ] AWS Budgets
- [ ] Amazon CloudWatch
- [ ] AWS Cost Categories

#### Q238. ::
`Which task can a user complete by using AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)?

- [ ] Validate JSON syntax from an application configuration file.
- [ ] Analyze logs from an Amazon API Gateway call.
- [ ] Filter traffic to or from an Amazon EC2 instance.
- [x] Grant permissions to applications that run on Amazon EC2 instances.

#### Q239.::
`A company needs to generate reports for business intelligence and operational analytics on petabytes of semistructured and structured data. These reports are produced from standard SQL queries on data that is in an Amazon S3 data lake.
`Which AWS service provides the ability to analyze this data?

- [ ] Amazon RDS
- [ ] Amazon Neptune
- [ ] Amazon DynamoDB
- [x] Amazon Redshift

#### Q240. ::
`A system automatically recovers from failure when a company launches its workload on the AWS Cloud services platform.
`Which pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework does this situation demonstrate?

- [ ] Cost optimization
- [ ] Operational excellence
- [ ] Performance efficiency
- [x] Reliability


#### Q241::
`Which of the following describes AWS Local Zones?

- [ ] A cluster of data centers in one geographic location
- [ ] A site used by Amazon CloudFront to cache frequently accessed content
- [x] An extension of an AWS Region to more granular locations
- [ ] One or more data centers with redundant power and networking


#### Q242::
`A retail company is migrating its IT infrastructure applications from on premises to the AWS Cloud.
`Which costs will the company eliminate with this migration? (Choose two.)

- [x] Cost of data center operations
- [ ] Cost of application licensing
- [ ] Cost of marketing campaigns
- [x] Cost of physical server hardware
- [ ] Cost of network management

#### Q243 ::
`What is a benefit of moving to the AWS Cloud in terms of improving time to market?

- [ ] Decreased deployment speed
- [ ] Increased application security
- [x] Increased business agility
- [ ] Increased backup capabilities


#### Q244. :: 
`Which of the following are characteristics of a serverless application that runs in the AWS Cloud? (Choose two.)

- [ ] Users must manually configure Amazon EC2 instances.
- [ ] Users have a choice of operating systems.
- [x] The application has built-in fault tolerance.
- [ ] Users can run Amazon EC2 Spot Instances.
- [x] The application can scale based on demand.

#### Q245. ::
`A company has existing software licenses that it wants to bring to AWS, but the licensing model requires licensing physical cores.
`How can the company meet this requirement in the AWS Cloud?

- [ ] Launch an Amazon EC2 instance with default tenancy.
- [x] Launch an Amazon EC2 instance on a Dedicated Host.
- [ ] Create an On-Demand Capacity Reservation.
- [ ] Purchase Dedicated Reserved Instances.

#### Q246. ::
`A company has a complex AWS architecture. The company needs assistance from a dedicated technical professional who can suggest strategies regarding incidents, trade-offs, support, and risk management.
`Which AWS Support plan will provide the required support?

- [x] AWS Business Support
- [ ] AWS Enterprise Support
- [ ] AWS Developer Support
- [ ] AWS Basic Support

#### Q247. :: 
`Which of the following is an advantage that the AWS Cloud provides to users?

- [x] Users eliminate the need to guess about infrastructure capacity requirements.
- [ ] Users decrease their variable costs by maintaining sole ownership of IT hardware.
- [ ] Users maintain control of underlying IT infrastructure hardware.
- [ ] Users maintain control of operating systems for managed services.

#### Q248. ::
`Which AWS services can use AWS WAF to protect against common web exploitations? (Choose two.)

- [ ] Amazon Route 53
- [x] Amazon CloudFront
- [ ] AWS Transfer Family
- [ ] AWS Site-to-Site VPN
- [x] Amazon API Gateway

#### Q249. ::
`Which controls are shared under the AWS shared responsibility model? (Choose two.)

- [x] Awareness and training
- [ ] Patching of Amazon RDS
- [x] Configuration management
- [ ] Physical and environmental controls
- [ ] Service and communications protection or security


#### Q250. ::
`A company manages global applications that require static IP addresses.
`Which AWS service would enable the company to improve the availability and performance of its applications?

- [ ] Amazon CloudFront
- [x] AWS Global Accelerator
- [ ] Amazon S3 Transfer Acceleration
- [ ] Amazon API Gateway

#### Q251. ::
`Which of the following are AWS compute services? (Choose two.)

- [x] Amazon Lightsail
- [ ] AWS Systems Manager
- [ ] AWS CloudFormation
- [x] AWS Batch
- [ ] Amazon Inspector

#### Q252. ::
`A company needs to report on events that involve the specific AWS services that the company uses.
`Which AWS service or resource can the company use with Amazon CloudWatch to meet this requirement?

- [ ] Amazon Inspector
- [ ] AWS Personal Health Dashboard
- [ ] AWS Trusted Advisor
- [x] AWS CloudTrail logs

#### Q253. ::
`A company with AWS Enterprise Support needs help understanding its monthly AWS bill and wants to implement billing best practices.
`Which AWS tool or resource is available to accomplish these goals?

- [ ] Resource tagging
- [x] AWS Concierge Support team
- [ ] AWS Abuse team
- [ ] AWS Support

#### Q254. ::
`Which of the following is an AWS key-value database offering consistent single-digit millisecond performance at any scale?

- [ ] Amazon RDS
- [ ] Amazon Aurora
- [x] Amazon DynamoDB
- [ ] Amazon Redshift

#### Q255. ::
`A company is developing a new Node.js application. The application must have a scalable NoSQL database to meet increasing demand as the popularity of the application grows.
`Which AWS service will meet the requirements for the database?

- [ ] Amazon Aurora Serverless
- [ ] Amazon ElastiCache
- [x] Amazon DynamoDB
- [ ] Amazon Redshift

#### Q256. ::
`A company wants to set up an entire development and continuous delivery toolchain for coding, building, testing, and deploying code.
`Which AWS service will meet these requirements?

- [ ] Amazon CodeGuru
- [x] AWS CodeStar
- [ ] AWS CodeCommit
- [ ] AWS CodeDeploy

#### Q257. ::
`Which service enables customers to audit API calls in their AWS accounts?

- [x] AWS CloudTrail
- [ ] AWS Trusted Advisor
- [ ] Amazon Inspector
- [ ] AWS X-Ray

#### Q258. ::
`A company is moving its office and must establish an encrypted connection to AWS.
`Which AWS service will help meet this requirement?

- [x] AWS VPN
- [ ] Amazon Route 53
- [ ] Amazon API Gateway
- [ ] Amazon Connect

#### Q259. ::
`A company needs steady and predictable performance from its Amazon EC2 instances at the lowest possible cost. The company also needs the ability to scale resources to ensure that it has the right resources available at the right time.
`Which AWS service or resource will meet these requirements?


- [ ] Amazon CloudWatch
- [ ] Application Load Balancer
- [ ] AWS Batch
- [x] Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling

#### Q260. ::
`Which action will provide documentation to help a company evaluate whether its use of the AWS Cloud is compliant with local regulatory standards?

- [ ] Running Amazon GuardDuty
- [x] Using AWS Artifact
- [ ] Creating an AWS Support ticket
- [ ] Evaluating AWS CloudTrail logs

#### Q261. ::
`A company wants a cost-effective option when running its applications in an Amazon EC2 instance for short time periods. The applications can be interrupted.
`Which EC2 instance type will meet these requirements?

- [x] Spot Instances
- [ ] On-Demand Instances
- [ ] Reserved Instances
- [ ] Dedicated Instances

#### Q262. ::
`A retail company is building a new mobile app. The company is evaluating whether to build the app at an on-premises data center or in the AWS Cloud.
`Which of the following are benefits of building this app in the AWS Cloud? (Choose two.)

- [ ] A large, upfront capital expense and low variable expenses
- [x] Increased speed for trying out new projects
- [ ] Complete control over the physical security of the infrastructure
- [x] Flexibility to scale up in minutes as the application becomes popular
- [ ] Ability to pick the specific data centers that will host the application servers


#### Q263. ::
`A developer is working on enhancing applications at AWS. The developer needs a service that can securely host GitHub-based code, repositories, and version controls.
`Which AWS service should the developer use?

- [ ] AWS CodeStar
- [ ] Amazon CodeGuru
- [x] AWS CodeCommit
- [ ] AWS CodePipeline

#### Q264. ::
`What is an AWS Region?

- [ ] A broad set of global, cloud-based products that include compute, storage, and databases
- [x] A physical location around the world where data centers are clustered
- [ ] One or more discrete data centers with redundant power, networking, and connectivity
- [ ] A service that developers use to build applications that deliver latencies of single-digit milliseconds to users





