## Amazon Web Services (AWS) 60-90

#### Q61. ::
`A company that has multiple business units wants to centrally manage and govern its AWS Cloud environments. The company wants to automate the creation of
`AWS accounts, apply service control policies (SCPs), and simplify billing processes.
`Which AWS service or tool should the company use to meet these requirements?

- [x] AWS Organizations
- [ ] Cost Explorer
- [ ] AWS Budgets
- [ ] AWS Trusted Advisor


#### Q62.::
`Which IT controls do AWS and the customer share, according to the AWS shared responsibility model? (Choose two.)

- [ ] Physical and environmental controls
- [x] Patch management
- [x] Cloud awareness and training
- [ ] Zone security
- [ ] Application data encryption

#### Q63. ::
`A company is launching an application in the AWS Cloud. The application will use Amazon S3 storage. A large team of researchers will have shared access to the data. 
`The company must be able to recover data that is accidentally overwritten or deleted.
`Which S3 feature should the company turn on to meet this requirement?


- [ ] Server access logging
- [x] S3 Versioning
- [ ] S3 Lifecycle rules
- [ ] Encryption in transit and at rest


#### Q64. :: 
`A manufacturing company has a critical application that runs at a remote site that has a slow internet connection. The company wants to migrate the workload to AWS. 
`The application is sensitive to latency and interruptions in connectivity. The company wants a solution that can host this application with minimum latency.
`Which AWS service or feature should the company use to meet these requirements?

- [ ] Availability Zones
- [ ] AWS Local Zones
- [ ] AWS Wavelength
- [x] AWS Outposts

#### Q65. ::
`A company wants to migrate its applications from its on-premises data center to a VPC in the AWS Cloud. These applications will need to access on-premises resources.
`Which actions will meet these requirements? (Choose two.)

- [ ] Use AWS Service Catalog to identify a list of on-premises resources that can be migrated.
- [x] Create a VPN connection between an on-premises device and a virtual private gateway in the VPC.
- [ ] Use an Amazon CloudFront distribution and configure it to accelerate content delivery close to the on-premises resources.
- [x] Set up an AWS Direct Connect connection between the on-premises data center and AWS.
- [ ] Use Amazon CloudFront to restrict access to static web content provided through the on-premises web servers.


#### Q66. ::
`A company wants to use the AWS Cloud to provide secure access to desktop applications that are running in a fully managed environment.
`Which AWS service should the company use to meet this requirement?

- [ ] Amazon S3
- [x] Amazon AppStream 2.0
- [ ] AWS AppSync
- [ ] AWS Outposts

#### Q67. :: 
`A company wants to implement threat detection on its AWS infrastructure. However, the company does not want to deploy additional software.
`Which AWS service should the company use to meet these requirements?

- [ ] Amazon VPC
- [ ] Amazon EC2
- [x] Amazon GuardDuty
- [ ] AWS Direct Connect

#### Q68. ::
`Which AWS service uses edge locations?


- [ ] Amazon Aurora
- [x] AWS Global Accelerator
- [ ] Amazon Connect
- [ ] AWS Outposts

#### Q69. ::
`A company needs to install an application in a Docker container.
`Which AWS service eliminates the need to provision and manage the container hosts?

- [x] AWS Fargate
- [ ] Amazon FSx for Windows File Server
- [ ] Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS)
- [ ] Amazon EC2

#### Q70. ::
`Which AWS service or feature checks access policies and offers actionable recommendations to help users set secure and functional policies?

- [ ] AWS Systems Manager
- [x] AWS IAM Access Analyzer
- [ ] AWS Trusted Advisor
- [ ] Amazon GuardDuty














#### Q11. ::
`A company wants to review its monthly costs of using Amazon EC2 and Amazon RDS for the past year.
`Which AWS service or tool provides this information?

- [ ] AWS Trusted Advisor
- [x] Cost Explorer
- [ ] Amazon Forecast
- [ ] Amazon CloudWatch

#### Q12. ::
`A company wants to migrate a critical application to AWS. The application has a short runtime. The application is invoked by changes in data or by shifts in system state. The company needs a compute solution that maximizes operational efficiency and minimizes the cost of running the application.
`Which AWS solution should the company use to meet these requirements?

- [ ] Amazon EC2 On-Demand Instances
- [x] AWS Lambda
- [ ] Amazon EC2 Reserved Instances
- [ ] Amazon EC2 Spot Instances

#### Q13. ::
`Which AWS service or feature allows users to connect with and deploy AWS services programmatically?

- [ ] AWS Management Console
- [ ] AWS Cloud9
- [ ] AWS CodePipeline
- [x] AWS software development kits (SDKs)

#### Q14. ::
`A company plans to create a data lake that uses Amazon S3.
`Which factor will have the MOST effect on cost?

- [x] The selection of S3 storage tiers
- [ ] Charges to transfer existing data into Amazon S3
- [ ] The addition of S3 bucket policies
- [ ] S3 ingest fees for each request

#### Q15. ::
`A company is launching an ecommerce application that must always be available. The application will run on Amazon EC2 instances continuously for the next 12 months.
`What is the MOST cost-effective instance purchasing option that meets these requirements?

- [ ] Spot Instances
- [x] Savings Plans
- [ ] Dedicated Hosts
- [ ] On-Demand Instances

#### Q16. ::
`Which AWS service or feature can a company use to determine which business unit is using specific AWS resources?

- [x] Cost allocation tags
- [ ] Key pairs
- [ ] Amazon Inspector
- [ ] AWS Trusted Advisor

#### Q17. ::
`A company wants to migrate its workloads to AWS, but it lacks expertise in AWS Cloud computing.
`Which AWS service or feature will help the company with its migration?

- [ ] AWS Trusted Advisor
- [x] AWS Consulting Partners
- [ ] AWS Artifacts
- [ ] AWS Managed Services

#### Q18. ::
`Which AWS service or tool should a company use to centrally request and track service limit increases?

- [ ] AWS Config
- [x] Service Quotas
- [ ] AWS Service Catalog
- [ ] AWS Budgets

#### Q19. ::
`Which documentation does AWS Artifact provide?

- [ ] Amazon EC2 terms and conditions
- [x] AWS ISO certifications
- [ ] A history of a company's AWS spending
- [ ] A list of previous-generation Amazon EC2 instance types

#### Q20. ::
`Which task requires using AWS account root user credentials?

- [ ] Viewing billing information
- [x] Changing the AWS Support plan
- [ ] Starting and stopping Amazon EC2 instances
- [ ] Opening an AWS Support case

#### Q21. ::
`A company needs to simultaneously process hundreds of requests from different users.
`Which combination of AWS services should the company use to build an operationally efficient solution?

- [x] Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) and AWS Lambda
- [ ] AWS Data Pipeline and Amazon EC2
- [ ] Amazon Kinesis and Amazon Athena
- [ ] AWS Amplify and AWS AppSync

#### Q22. ::
`What is the scope of a VPC within the AWS network?

- [ ] A VPC can span all Availability Zones globally.
- [ ] A VPC must span at least two subnets in each AWS Region.
- [ ] A VPC must span at least two edge locations in each AWS Region.
- [x] A VPC can span all Availability Zones within an AWS Region.


#### Q23. ::
`Which of the following are components of an AWS Site-to-Site VPN connection? (Choose two.)

- [ ] AWS Storage Gateway
- [x] Virtual private gateway
- [ ] NAT gateway
- [x] Customer gateway
- [ ] Internet gateway

#### Q24. ::
`A company needs to establish a connection between two VPCs. The VPCs are located in two different AWS Regions. The company wants to use the existing infrastructure of the VPCs for this connection.
`Which AWS service or feature can be used to establish this connection?

- [ ] AWS Client VPN
- [x] VPC peering
- [ ] AWS Direct Connect
- [ ] VPC endpoints

#### Q25. ::
`According to the AWS shared responsibility model, what responsibility does a customer have when using Amazon RDS to host a database?

- [x] Manage connections to the database
- [ ] Install Microsoft SQL Server
- [ ] Design encryption-at-rest strategies
- [ ] Apply minor database patches

#### Q26. ::
`What are some advantages of using Amazon EC2 instances to host applications in the AWS Cloud instead of on premises? (Choose two.)

- [ ] EC2 includes operating system patch management.
- [x] EC2 integrates with Amazon VPC, AWS CloudTrail, and AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM).
- [ ] EC2 has a 100% service level agreement (SLA).
- [x] EC2 has a flexible, pay-as-you-go pricing model.
- [ ] EC2 has automatic storage cost optimization.

#### Q27. ::
`A user needs to determine whether an Amazon EC2 instance's security groups were modified in the last month.
`How can the user see if a change was made?

- [ ] Use Amazon EC2 to see if the security group was changed.
- [ ] Use AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) to see which user or role changed the security group.
- [x] Use AWS CloudTrail to see if the security group was changed.
- [ ] Use Amazon CloudWatch to see if the security group was changed.

#### Q28. ::
`Which AWS service will help protect applications running on AWS from DDoS attacks?

- [ ] Amazon GuardDuty
- [ ] AWS WAF
- [x] AWS Shield
- [ ] Amazon Inspector

#### Q29.::
`Which AWS service or feature acts as a firewall for Amazon EC2 instances?

- [ ] Network ACL
- [ ] Elastic network interface
- [ ] Amazon VPC
- [x] Security group

#### Q30. ::
`How does the AWS Cloud pricing model differ from the traditional on-premises storage pricing model?

- [ ] AWS resources do not incur costs
- [ ] There are no infrastructure operating costs
- [x] There are no upfront cost commitments
- [ ] There are no software licensing costs
