##   clf-c01_p3-89-132-verified


#### Q89.::
`In which situations should a company create an IAM user instead of an IAM role? (Choose two.)

- [ ] When an application that runs on Amazon EC2 instances requires access to other AWS services
- [x] When the company creates AWS access credentials for individuals
- [ ] When the company creates an application that runs on a mobile phone that makes requests to AWS
- [x] When the company needs to add users to IAM groups
- [ ] When users are authenticated in the corporate network and want to be able to use AWS without having to sign in a second time

#### Q90. ::
`Which AWS services should a company use to read and write data that changes frequently? (Choose two.)

- [ ] Amazon S3 Glacier
- [x] Amazon RDS
- [ ] AWS Snowball
- [ ] Amazon Redshift
- [x] Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)


#### Q91. ::
`Which AWS service is used to provide encryption for Amazon EBS?

- [ ] AWS Certificate Manager
- [ ] AWS Systems Manager
- [x] AWS KMS
- [ ] AWS Config


#### Q92.::
`Which AWS services make use of global edge locations? (Choose two.)

- [ ] AWS Fargate
- [x] Amazon CloudFront
- [x] AWS Global Accelerator
- [ ] AWS Wavelength
- [ ] Amazon VPC

#### Q93. ::
`A company is operating several factories where it builds products. The company needs the ability to process data, store data, and run applications with local system interdependencies that require low latency.
`Which AWS service should the company use to meet these requirements?

- [ ] AWS IoT Greengrass
- [ ] AWS Lambda
- [x] AWS Outposts
- [ ] AWS Snowball Edge


#### Q94. :: 
`Which of the following is a recommended design principle for AWS Cloud architecture?

- [ ] Design tightly coupled components.
- [ ] Build a single application component that can handle all the application functionality.
- [ ] Make large changes on fewer iterations to reduce chances of failure.
- [x] Avoid monolithic architecture by segmenting workloads.

#### Q95. ::
`A company is designing its AWS workloads so that components can be updated regularly and so that changes can be made in small, reversible increments.
`Which pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework does this design support?

- [ ] Security
- [ ] Performance efficiency
- [x] Operational excellence
- [ ] Reliability



#### Q96. ::
`Which of the following acts as an instance-level firewall to control inbound and outbound access?

- [ ] Network access control list
- [x] Security groups
- [ ] AWS Trusted Advisor
- [ ] Virtual private gateways

#### Q97. :: 
`A company has a workload that will run continuously for 1 year. The workload cannot tolerate service interruptions.
`Which Amazon EC2 purchasing option will be MOST cost-effective?

- [x] All Upfront Reserved Instances
- [ ] Partial Upfront Reserved Instances
- [ ] Dedicated Instances
- [ ] On-Demand Instances

#### Q98. ::
`Which AWS service helps protect against DDoS attacks?


- [x] AWS Shield
- [ ] Amazon Inspector
- [ ] Amazon GuardDuty
- [ ] Amazon Detective

#### Q99. ::
`Using AWS Config to record, audit, and evaluate changes to AWS resources to enable traceability is an example of which AWS Well-Architected Framework pillar?

- [x] Security
- [ ] Operational excellence
- [ ] Performance efficiency
- [ ] Cost optimization

#### Q100. ::
`Which AWS tool or feature acts as a VPC firewall at the subnet level?

- [ ] Security group
- [x] Network ACL
- [ ] Traffic Mirroring
- [ ] Internet gateway

#### Q101. ::
`Which AWS service can be used to decouple applications?

- [ ] AWS Config
- [x] Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS)
- [ ] AWS Batch
- [ ] Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES)

#### Q102. ::
`Which disaster recovery option is the LEAST expensive?

- [ ] Warm standby
- [ ] Multisite
- [x] Backup and restore
- [ ] Pilot light

#### Q103. ::
`Which type of AWS storage is ephemeral and is deleted when an Amazon EC2 instance is stopped or terminated?

- [ ] Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
- [x] Amazon EC2 instance store
- [ ] Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)
- [ ] Amazon S3


#### Q104. ::
`Which of the following is a characteristic of the AWS account root user?

- [ ] The root user is the only user that can be configured with multi-factor authentication (MFA).
- [ ] The root user is the only user that can access the AWS Management Console.
- [x] The root user is the first sign-in identity that is available when an AWS account is created.
- [ ] The root user has a password that cannot be changed.

#### Q105. ::
`A company hosts an application on an Amazon EC2 instance. The EC2 instance needs to access several AWS resources, including Amazon S3 and Amazon DynamoDB.
`What is the MOST operationally efficient solution to delegate permissions?

- [x] Create an IAM role with the required permissions. Attach the role to the EC2 instance.
- [ ] Create an IAM user and use its access key and secret access key in the application.
- [ ] Create an IAM user and use its access key and secret access key to create a CLI profile in the EC2 instance
- [ ] Create an IAM role with the required permissions. Attach the role to the administrative IAM user.

#### Q106. ::
`Which of the following is a component of the AWS Global Infrastructure?

- [ ] Amazon Alexa
- [x] AWS Regions
- [ ] Amazon Lightsail
- [ ] AWS Organizations


#### Q107. ::
`What is the purpose of having an internet gateway within a VPC?

- [ ] To create a VPN connection to the VPC
- [x] To allow communication between the VPC and the internet
- [ ] To impose bandwidth constraints on internet traffic
- [ ] To load balance traffic from the internet across Amazon EC2 instances

#### Q108. ::
`Which AWS service allows users to download security and compliance reports about the AWS infrastructure on demand?

- [ ] Amazon GuardDuty
- [ ] AWS Security Hub
- [x] AWS Artifact
- [ ] AWS Shield

#### Q109. ::
`A pharmaceutical company operates its infrastructure in a single AWS Region. The company has thousands of VPCs in a various AWS accounts that it wants to interconnect.
`Which AWS service or feature should the company use to help simplify management and reduce operational costs?

- [ ] VPC endpoint
- [ ] AWS Direct Connect
- [x] AWS Transit Gateway
- [ ] VPC peering


#### Q110. ::
`A company is planning an infrastructure deployment to the AWS Cloud. Before the deployment, the company wants a cost estimate for running the infrastructure.
`Which AWS service or feature can provide this information?

- [ ] Cost Explorer
- [ ] AWS Trusted Advisor
- [ ] AWS Cost and Usage Report
- [x] AWS Pricing Calculator


#### Q111. ::
`Which AWS service of tool helps to centrally manage billing and allow controlled access to resources across AWS accounts?


- [ ] AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)
- [x] AWS Organizations
- [ ] Cost Explorer
- [ ] AWS Budgets

#### Q112. ::
`Which of the following are Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC) resources?

- [ ] Objects; access control lists (ACLs)
- [x] Subnets; internet gateways
- [ ] Access policies; buckets
- [ ] Groups; roles


#### Q113. ::
`A company needs to identify the last time that a specific user accessed the AWS Management Console.
`Which AWS service will provide this information?

- [ ] Amazon Cognito
- [x] AWS CloudTrail
- [ ] Amazon Inspector
- [ ] Amazon GuardDuty

#### Q114. ::
`A company launched an Amazon EC2 instance with the latest Amazon Linux 2 Amazon Machine Image (AMI).
`Which actions can a system administrator take to connect to the EC2 instance? (Choose two.)

- [x] Use Amazon EC2 Instance Connect.
- [ ] Use a Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP) connection.
- [ ] Use AWS Batch
- [x] Use AWS Systems Manager Session Manager.
- [ ] Use Amazon Connect

#### Q115. ::
`A company wants to perform sentiment analysis on customer service email messages that it receives. The company wants to identify whether the customer service engagement was positive or negative.
`Which AWS service should the company use to perform this analysis?

- [ ] Amazon Textract
- [ ] Amazon Translate
- [x] Amazon Comprehend
- [ ] Amazon Rekognition

#### Q116. ::
`What is the total amount of storage offered by Amazon S3?

- [ ] 100MB
- [ ] 5 GB
- [ ] 5 TB
- [x] Unlimited

#### Q117. ::
`A company is migrating to Amazon S3. The company needs to transfer 60 TB of data from an on-premises data center to AWS within 10 days.
`Which AWS service should the company use to accomplish this migration?

- [ ] Amazon S3 Glacier
- [ ] AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS)
- [x] AWS Snowball
- [ ] AWS Direct Connect

#### Q118. ::
`What type of database is Amazon DynamoDB?

- [ ] In-memory
- [ ] Relational
- [x] Key-value
- [ ] Graph

#### Q119.::
`A large organization has a single AWS account.
`What are the advantages of reconfiguring the single account into multiple AWS accounts? (Choose two.)

- [x] It allows for administrative isolation between different workloads.
- [ ] Discounts can be applied on a quarterly basis by submitting cases in the AWS Management Console.
- [ ] Transitioning objects from Amazon S3 to Amazon S3 Glacier in separate AWS accounts will be less expensive.
- [x] Having multiple accounts reduces the risks associated with malicious activity targeted at a single account.
- [ ] Amazon QuickSight offers access to a cost tool that provides application-specific recommendations for environments running in multiple accounts.

#### Q120. ::
`A retail company has recently migrated its website to AWS. The company wants to ensure that it is protected from SQL injection attacks. The website uses an
`Application Load Balancer to distribute traffic to multiple Amazon EC2 instances.
`Which AWS service or feature can be used to create a custom rule that blocks SQL injection attacks?

- [ ] Security groups
- [x] AWS WAF
- [ ] Network ACLs
- [ ] AWS Shield


#### Q121::
`Which AWS service provides a feature that can be used to proactively monitor and plan for the service quotas of AWS resources?

- [ ] AWS CloudTrail
- [ ] AWS Personal Health Dashboard
- [ ] AWS Trusted Advisor
- [x] Amazon CloudWatch


#### Q122. ::
`Which of the following is an advantage that users experience when they move on-premises workloads to the AWS Cloud?

- [x] Elimination of expenses for running and maintaining data centers
- [ ] Price discounts that are identical to discounts from hardware providers
- [ ] Distribution of all operational controls to AWS
- [ ] Elimination of operational expenses

#### Q123. ::
`Which design principle is included in the operational excellence pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework?


- [ ] Create annotated documentation.
- [x] Anticipate failure.
- [ ] Ensure performance efficiency.
- [ ] Optimize costs.



#### Q124. :: 
`Which AWS services offer gateway VPC endpoints that can be used to avoid sending traffic over the internet? (Choose two.)

- [ ] Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS)
- [ ] Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS)
- [ ] AWS CodeBuild
- [x] Amazon S3
- [x] Amazon DynamoDB

#### Q125. ::
`Which of the following is the customer responsible for updating and patching, according to the AWS shared responsibility model?

- [ ] Amazon FSx for Windows File Server
- [x] Amazon WorkSpaces virtual Windows desktop
- [ ] AWS Directory Service for Microsoft Active Directory
- [ ] Amazon RDS for Microsoft SQL Server

#### Q126. ::
`Who has the responsibility to patch the host operating system of an Amazon EC2 instance, according to the AWS shared responsibility model?

- [ ] Both AWS and the customer
- [ ] The customer only
- [ ] The EC2 hardware manufacturer
- [x] AWS only

#### Q127. :: 
`A company is using an Amazon RDS DB instance for an application that is deployed in the AWS Cloud. The company needs regular patching of the operating system of the server where the DB instance runs.
`What is the company's responsibility in this situation, according to the AWS shared responsibility model?

- [ ] Open a support case to obtain administrative access to the server so that the company can patch the DB instance operating system.
- [ ] Open a support case and request that AWS patch the DB instance operating system.
- [ ] Use administrative access to the server, and apply the operating system patches during the regular maintenance window that is defined for the DB instance.
- [x] Establish a regular maintenance window that tells AWS when to patch the DB instance operating system.

#### Q128. ::
`Why is an AWS Well-Architected review a critical part of the cloud design process?


- [ ] A Well-Architected review is mandatory before a workload can run on AWS.
- [x] A Well-Architected review helps identify design gaps and helps evaluate design decisions and related documents.
- [ ] A Well-Architected review is an audit mechanism that is a part of requirements for service level agreements.
- [ ] A Well-Architected review eliminates the need for ongoing auditing and compliance tests.


#### Q129. ::
`A company implements an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling policy along with an Application Load Balancer to automatically recover unhealthy applications that run on
`Amazon EC2 instances.
`Which pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework does this action cover?

- [ ] Security
- [ ] Performance efficiency
- [ ] Operational excellence
- [x] Reliability


#### Q130. ::
`Which AWS Cloud benefit is shown by an architecture's ability to withstand failures with minimal downtime?

- [ ] Agility
- [ ] Elasticity
- [ ] Scalability
- [x] High availability

#### Q131. ::
`Under the AWS shared responsibility model, which task is the customer's responsibility when managing AWS Lambda functions?

- [x] Creating versions of Lambda functions
- [ ] Maintaining server and operating systems
- [ ] Scaling Lambda resources according to demand
- [ ] Updating the Lambda runtime environment

#### Q132. ::
`What does the AWS Concierge Support team provide?

- [ ] A technical expert dedicated to the user
- [x] A primary point of contact for AWS Billing and AWS Support
- [ ] A partner to help provide scaling guidance for an event launch
- [ ] A dedicated AWS staff member who reviews the user's application architecture
