##   p4-133-176-verified

#### Q133. ::
`A company needs to generate reports that can break down cloud costs by product, by company-defined tags, and by hour, day, and month.
`Which AWS tool should the company use to meet these requirements?

- [ ] Reserved Instance utilization and coverage reports
- [ ] Savings Plans utilization reports
- [ ] AWS Budgets reports
- [x] AWS Cost and Usage Reports

#### Q134. ::
`A company has a serverless application that includes an Amazon API Gateway API, an AWS Lambda function, and an Amazon DynamoDB database.
`Which AWS service can the company use to trace user requests as they move through the application's components?

- [ ] AWS CloudTrail
- [ ] Amazon CloudWatch
- [ ] Amazon Inspector
- [x] AWS X-Ray

#### Q135. ::
`A company needs to set up a petabyte-scale data warehouse in the AWS Cloud.
`Which AWS service will meet this requirement?

- [ ] Amazon DynamoDB
- [ ] Amazon RDS
- [x] Amazon Redshift
- [ ] Amazon ElastiCache

#### Q136. ::
`Which AWS service is always provided at no charge?

- [ ] Amazon S3
- [x] AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)
- [ ] Elastic Load Balancers
- [ ] AWS WAF

#### Q137. ::
`A company needs to design an AWS disaster recovery plan to cover multiple geographic areas.
`Which action will meet this requirement?

- [ ] Configure multiple AWS accounts.
- [ ] Configure the architecture across multiple Availability Zones in an AWS Region.
- [x] Configure the architecture across multiple AWS Regions.
- [ ] Configure the architecture among many edge locations.

#### Q138. ::
`Which of the following is a benefit of moving from an on-premises data center to the AWS Cloud?

- [x] Compute instances can be launched and terminated as needed to optimize costs.
- [ ] Compute costs can be viewed in the AWS Billing and Cost Management console.
- [ ] Users retain full administrative access to their compute instances.
- [ ] Users can optimize costs by permanently running enough instances at peak load.

#### Q139. ::
`In which ways does the AWS Cloud offer lower total cost of ownership (TCO) of computing resources than on-premises data centers? (Choose two.)


- [x] AWS replaces upfront capital expenditures with pay-as-you-go costs.
- [ ] AWS is designed for high availability, which eliminates user downtime.
- [ ] AWS eliminates the need for on-premises IT staff.
- [x] AWS uses economies of scale to continually reduce prices.
- [ ] AWS offers a single pricing model for Amazon EC2 instances.

#### Q140. ::
`Which AWS service monitors AWS accounts for security threats?

- [x] Amazon GuardDuty
- [ ] AWS Secrets Manager
- [ ] Amazon Cognito
- [ ] AWS Certificate Manager (ACM)


#### Q141 ::
`Which benefit is included with an AWS Enterprise Support plan?

- [ ] AWS Partner Network (APN) support at no cost.
- [x] Designated support from an AWS technical account manager (TAM)
- [ ] On-site support from AWS engineers
- [ ] AWS managed compliance as code with AWS Config

#### Q142. ::
`Which task does AWS perform automatically?

- [x] Encrypt data that is stored in Amazon DynamoDB.
- [ ] Patch Amazon EC2 instances.
- [ ] Encrypt user network traffic.
- [ ] Create TLS certificates for users' websites.


#### Q143. ::
`Which AWS service or tool can a company use to visualize, understand, and manage AWS spending and usage over time?

- [ ] AWS Trusted Advisor
- [ ] Amazon CloudWatch
- [x] Cost Explorer
- [ ] AWS Budgets

#### Q144. ::
`A company wants to deploy some of its resources in the AWS Cloud. To meet regulatory requirements, the data must remain local and on premises. There must be low latency between AWS and the company resources.
`Which AWS service or feature can be used to meet these requirements?

- [ ] AWS Local Zones
- [ ] Availability Zones
- [x] AWS Outposts
- [ ] AWS Wavelength Zones

#### Q145. ::
`A company requires an isolated environment within AWS for security purposes.
`Which action can be taken to accomplish this?

- [ ] Create a separate Availability Zone to host the resources.
- [x] Create a separate VPC to host the resources.
- [ ] Create a placement group to host the resources.
- [ ] Create an AWS Direct Connect connection between the company and AWS.

#### Q146. ::
`Which AWS service is a highly available and scalable DNS web service?

- [ ] Amazon VPC
- [ ] Amazon CloudFront
- [x] Amazon Route 53
- [ ] Amazon Connect

#### Q147. ::
`Which of the following is an AWS best practice for managing an AWS account root user?

- [ ] Keep the root user password with the security team.
- [x] Enable multi-factor authentication (MFA) for the root user.
- [ ] Create an access key for the root user.
- [ ] Keep the root user password consistent for compliance purposes.

#### Q148. ::
`A company wants to improve its security and audit posture by limiting Amazon EC2 inbound access.
`What should the company use to access instances remotely instead of opening inbound SSH ports and managing SSH keys?

- [ ] EC2 key pairs
- [x] AWS Systems Manager Session Manager
- [ ] AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)
- [ ] Network ACLs

#### Q149.::
`After selecting an Amazon EC2 Dedicated Host reservation, which pricing option would provide the largest discount?

- [ ] No upfront payment
- [ ] Hourly on-demand payment
- [ ] Partial upfront payment
- [x] All upfront payment

#### Q150. ::
`A company has refined its workload to use specific AWS services to improve efficiency and reduce cost.
`Which best practice for cost governance does this example show?

- [ ] Resource controls
- [ ] Cost allocation
- [x] Architecture optimization
- [ ] Tagging enforcement


#### Q151::
`A company would like to host its MySQL databases on AWS and maintain full control over the operating system, database installation, and configuration.
`Which AWS service should the company use to host the databases?

- [ ] Amazon RDS
- [x] Amazon EC2
- [ ] Amazon DynamoDB
- [ ] Amazon Aurora


#### Q152::
`How does the AWS global infrastructure offer high availability and fault tolerance to its users?

- [ ] The AWS infrastructure is made up of multiple AWS Regions within various Availability Zones located in areas that have low flood risk, and are interconnected with low-latency networks and redundant power supplies.
- [ ] The AWS infrastructure consists of subnets containing various Availability Zones with multiple data centers located in the same geographic location.
- [ ] AWS allows users to choose AWS Regions and data centers so that users can select the closest data centers in different Regions.
- [x] The AWS infrastructure consists of isolated AWS Regions with independent Availability Zones that are connected with low-latency networking and redundant power supplies.

#### Q153 ::
`A company is using Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling to scale its Amazon EC2 instances.
`Which benefit of the AWS Cloud does this example illustrate?

- [ ] High availability
- [x] Elasticity
- [ ] Reliability
- [ ] Global reach


#### Q154. :: 
`Which AWS service or feature is used to send both text and email messages from distributed applications?

- [x] Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS)
- [ ] Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES)
- [ ] Amazon CloudWatch alerts
- [ ] Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS)

#### Q155. ::
`A user is able to set up a master payer account to view consolidated billing reports through:

- [ ] AWS Budgets.
- [ ] Amazon Macie.
- [ ] Amazon QuickSight.
- [x] AWS Organizations.

#### Q156. ::
`According to the AWS shared responsibility model, which task is the customer's responsibility?

- [ ] Maintaining the infrastructure needed to run AWS Lambda
- [ ] Updating the operating system of Amazon DynamoDB instances
- [ ] Maintaining Amazon S3 infrastructure
- [x] Updating the guest operating system on Amazon EC2 instances

#### Q157. :: 
`A company wants to migrate a small website and database quickly from on-premises infrastructure to the AWS Cloud. The company has limited operational knowledge to perform the migration.
`Which AWS service supports this use case?

- [ ] Amazon EC2
- [x] Amazon Lightsail
- [ ] Amazon S3
- [ ] AWS Lambda

#### Q158. ::
`A company is moving multiple applications to a single AWS account. The company wants to monitor the AWS Cloud costs incurred by each application.
`What can the company do to meet this requirement?

- [ ] Set up invoiced billing.
- [ ] Use AWS Artifact.
- [ ] Set budgets in Cost Explorer.
- [x] Create cost allocation tags.

#### Q159. ::
`Which design principle is achieved by following the reliability pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework?

- [ ] Vertical scaling
- [ ] Manual failure recovery
- [x] Testing recovery procedures
- [ ] Changing infrastructure manually


#### Q160. ::
`A user needs to quickly deploy a non-relational database on AWS. The user does not want to manage the underlying hardware or the database software.
`Which AWS service can be used to accomplish this?

- [ ] Amazon RDS
- [x] Amazon DynamoDB
- [ ] Amazon Aurora
- [ ] Amazon Redshift

#### Q161. ::
`Which task is an AWS responsibility when a workload is running in Amazon RDS?

- [ ] Creating the database table
- [ ] Updating the database schema
- [x] Installing the database engine
- [ ] Dropping the database records

#### Q162. ::
`A development team wants to publish and manage web services that provide REST APIs.
`Which AWS service will meet this requirement?

- [ ] AWS App Mesh
- [x] Amazon API Gateway
- [ ] Amazon CloudFront
- [ ] AWS Cloud Map

#### Q163. ::
`A company has a social media platform in which users upload and share photos with other users. The company wants to identify and remove inappropriate photos. The company has no machine learning (ML) scientists and must build this detection capability with no ML expertise.
`Which AWS service should the company use to build this capability?

- [ ] Amazon SageMaker
- [ ] Amazon Textract
- [x] Amazon Rekognition
- [ ] Amazon Comprehend

#### Q164. ::
`Which responsibility belongs to AWS when a company hosts its databases on Amazon EC2 instances?

- [ ] Database backups
- [ ] Database software patches
- [ ] Operating system patches
- [x] Operating system installations.

#### Q165. ::
`A company wants to use Amazon S3 to store its legacy data. The data is rarely accessed. However, the data is critical and cannot be recreated. The data needs to be available for retrieval within seconds.
`Which S3 storage class meets these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

- [ ] S3 Standard
- [ ] S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access (S3 One Zone-IA)
- [x] S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA)
- [ ] S3 Glacier

#### Q166. ::
`An online retail company wants to migrate its on-premises workload to AWS. The company needs to automatically handle a seasonal workload increase in a cost- effective manner.
`Which AWS Cloud features will help the company meet this requirement? (Choose two.)

- [ ] Cross-Region workload deployment
- [X] Pay-as-you-go pricing
- [ ] Built-in AWS CloudTrail audit capabilities
- [X] Auto Scaling policies
- [ ] Centralized logging

#### Q167. ::
`Which AWS service helps developers use loose coupling and reliable messaging between microservices?

- [ ] Elastic Load Balancing
- [ ] Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS)
- [ ] Amazon CloudFront
- [x] Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS)

#### Q168. ::
`A company needs to build an application that uses AWS services. The application will be delivered to residents in European Counties. The company must abide by regional regulatory requirements.
`Which AWS service or program should the company use to determine which AWS services meet the regional requirements?

- [ ] AWS Audit Manager
- [ ] AWS Shield
- [x] AWS Compliance Program
- [ ] AWS Artifact

#### Q169. ::
`A company needs to implement identity management for a fleet of mobile apps that are running in the AWS Cloud.
`Which AWS service will meet this requirement?


- [x] Amazon Cognito
- [ ] AWS Security Hub
- [ ] AWS Shield
- [ ] AWS WAF

#### Q170. ::
`A company needs an Amazon EC2 instance for a rightsized database server that must run constantly for 1 year.
`Which EC2 instance purchasing option will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

- [x] Standard Reserved Instance
- [ ] Convertible Reserved Instance
- [ ] On-Demand Instance
- [ ] Spot Instance

#### Q171. ::
`A company has multiple applications and is now building a new multi-tier application. The company will host the new application on Amazon EC2 instances. The company wants the network routing and traffic between the various applications to follow the security principle of least privilege.
`Which AWS service or feature should the company use to enforce this principle?

- [x] Security groups
- [ ] AWS Shield
- [ ] AWS Global Accelerator
- [ ] AWS Direct Connect gateway

#### Q172. ::
`A company's web application requires AWS credentials and authorizations to use an AWS service.
`Which IAM entity should the company use as best practice?

- [x] IAM role
- [ ] IAM user
- [ ] IAM group
- [ ] IAM multi-factor authentication (MFA)


#### Q173. ::
`A company is creating a document that defines the operating system patch routine for all the company's systems.
`Which AWS resources should the company include in this document? (Choose two.)

- [x] Amazon EC2 instances
- [ ] AWS Lambda functions
- [ ] AWS Fargate tasks
- [ ] Amazon RDS instances
- [x] Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) instances

#### Q174. ::
`Which AWS service or feature gives a company the ability to control incoming traffic and outgoing traffic for Amazon EC2 instances?

- [x] Security groups
- [ ] Amazon Route 53
- [ ] AWS Direct Connect
- [ ] Amazon VPC

#### Q175. ::
`A company is starting to build its infrastructure in the AWS Cloud. The company wants access to technical support during business hours. The company also wants general architectural guidance as teams build and test new applications.
`Which AWS Support plan will meet these requirements at the LOWEST cost?

- [ ] AWS Basic Support
- [x] AWS Developer Support
- [ ] AWS Business Support
- [ ] AWS Enterprise Support


#### Q176. ::
`A company is migrating its public website to AWS. The company wants to host the domain name for the website on AWS.
`Which AWS service should the company use to meet this requirement?


- [ ] AWS Lambda
- [x] Amazon Route 53
- [ ] Amazon CloudFront
- [ ] AWS Direct Connect

