## Amazon Web Services (AWS) 60-90

#### Q91. ::
`Which AWS service is used to provide encryption for Amazon EBS?

- [ ] AWS Certificate Manager
- [ ] AWS Systems Manager
- [x] AWS KMS
- [ ] AWS Config


#### Q92.::
`Which AWS services make use of global edge locations? (Choose two.)

- [ ] AWS Fargate
- [x] Amazon CloudFront
- [x] AWS Global Accelerator
- [ ] AWS Wavelength
- [ ] Amazon VPC

#### Q93. ::
`A company is operating several factories where it builds products. The company needs the ability to process data, store data, and run applications with local system interdependencies that require low latency.
`Which AWS service should the company use to meet these requirements?

- [ ] AWS IoT Greengrass
- [ ] AWS Lambda
- [x] AWS Outposts
- [ ] AWS Snowball Edge


#### Q94. :: 
`Which of the following is a recommended design principle for AWS Cloud architecture?

- [ ] Design tightly coupled components.
- [ ] Build a single application component that can handle all the application functionality.
- [ ] Make large changes on fewer iterations to reduce chances of failure.
- [x] Avoid monolithic architecture by segmenting workloads.

#### Q95. ::
`A company is designing its AWS workloads so that components can be updated regularly and so that changes can be made in small, reversible increments.
`Which pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework does this design support?

- [ ] Security
- [ ] Performance efficiency
- [x] Operational excellence
- [ ] Reliability



#### Q96. ::
`Which of the following acts as an instance-level firewall to control inbound and outbound access?

- [ ] Network access control list
- [x] Security groups
- [ ] AWS Trusted Advisor
- [ ] Virtual private gateways

#### Q97. :: 
`A company has a workload that will run continuously for 1 year. The workload cannot tolerate service interruptions.
`Which Amazon EC2 purchasing option will be MOST cost-effective?

- [x] All Upfront Reserved Instances
- [ ] Partial Upfront Reserved Instances
- [ ] Dedicated Instances
- [ ] On-Demand Instances

#### Q98. ::
`Which AWS service helps protect against DDoS attacks?


- [x] AWS Shield
- [ ] Amazon Inspector
- [ ] Amazon GuardDuty
- [ ] Amazon Detective

#### Q99. ::
`Using AWS Config to record, audit, and evaluate changes to AWS resources to enable traceability is an example of which AWS Well-Architected Framework pillar?

- [x] Security
- [ ] Operational excellence
- [ ] Performance efficiency
- [ ] Cost optimization

#### Q100. ::
`Which AWS tool or feature acts as a VPC firewall at the subnet level?

- [ ] Security group
- [x] Network ACL
- [ ] Traffic Mirroring
- [ ] Internet gateway

#### Q101. ::
`Which AWS service can be used to decouple applications?

- [ ] AWS Config
- [x] Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS)
- [ ] AWS Batch
- [ ] Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES)

#### Q102. ::
`Which disaster recovery option is the LEAST expensive?

- [ ] Warm standby
- [ ] Multisite
- [x] Backup and restore
- [ ] Pilot light

#### Q103. ::
`Which type of AWS storage is ephemeral and is deleted when an Amazon EC2 instance is stopped or terminated?

- [ ] Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
- [x] Amazon EC2 instance store
- [ ] Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)
- [ ] Amazon S3


#### Q104. ::
`Which of the following is a characteristic of the AWS account root user?

- [ ] The root user is the only user that can be configured with multi-factor authentication (MFA).
- [ ] The root user is the only user that can access the AWS Management Console.
- [x] The root user is the first sign-in identity that is available when an AWS account is created.
- [ ] The root user has a password that cannot be changed.

#### Q105. ::
`A company hosts an application on an Amazon EC2 instance. The EC2 instance needs to access several AWS resources, including Amazon S3 and Amazon DynamoDB.
`What is the MOST operationally efficient solution to delegate permissions?

- [x] Create an IAM role with the required permissions. Attach the role to the EC2 instance.
- [ ] Create an IAM user and use its access key and secret access key in the application.
- [ ] Create an IAM user and use its access key and secret access key to create a CLI profile in the EC2 instance
- [ ] Create an IAM role with the required permissions. Attach the role to the administrative IAM user.

#### Q106. ::
`Which of the following is a component of the AWS Global Infrastructure?

- [ ] Amazon Alexa
- [x] AWS Regions
- [ ] Amazon Lightsail
- [ ] AWS Organizations


#### Q107. ::
`What is the purpose of having an internet gateway within a VPC?

- [ ] To create a VPN connection to the VPC
- [x] To allow communication between the VPC and the internet
- [ ] To impose bandwidth constraints on internet traffic
- [ ] To load balance traffic from the internet across Amazon EC2 instances

#### Q108. ::
`Which AWS service allows users to download security and compliance reports about the AWS infrastructure on demand?

- [ ] Amazon GuardDuty
- [ ] AWS Security Hub
- [x] AWS Artifact
- [ ] AWS Shield

#### Q109. ::
`A pharmaceutical company operates its infrastructure in a single AWS Region. The company has thousands of VPCs in a various AWS accounts that it wants to interconnect.
`Which AWS service or feature should the company use to help simplify management and reduce operational costs?

- [ ] VPC endpoint
- [ ] AWS Direct Connect
- [x] AWS Transit Gateway
- [ ] VPC peering


#### Q110. ::
`A company is planning an infrastructure deployment to the AWS Cloud. Before the deployment, the company wants a cost estimate for running the infrastructure.
`Which AWS service or feature can provide this information?

- [ ] Cost Explorer
- [ ] AWS Trusted Advisor
- [ ] AWS Cost and Usage Report
- [x] AWS Pricing Calculator


























#### Q81. ::
`A company runs its workloads on premises. The company wants to forecast the cost of running a large application on AWS.
`Which AWS service or tool can the company use to obtain this information?

- [x] AWS Pricing Calculator
- [ ] AWS Budgets
- [ ] AWS Trusted Advisor
- [ ] Cost Explorer

#### Q82. ::
`A company wants to eliminate the need to guess infrastructure capacity before deployments. The company also wants to spend its budget on cloud resources only as the company uses the resources.
`Which advantage of the AWS Cloud matches the company's requirements?

- [ ] Reliability
- [ ] Global reach
- [ ] Economies of scale
- [x] Pay-as-you-go pricing


#### Q83. ::
`Which AWS service supports a hybrid architecture that gives users the ability to extend AWS infrastructure, AWS services, APIs, and tools to data centers, co- location environments, or on-premises facilities?

- [ ] AWS Snowmobile
- [ ] AWS Local Zones
- [x] AWS Outposts
- [ ] AWS Fargate

#### Q84. ::
`A company has a physical tape library to store data backups. The tape library is running out of space. The company needs to extend the tape library's capacity to the AWS Cloud.
`Which AWS service should the company use to meet this requirement?

- [ ] Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
- [ ] Amazon S3
- [ ] Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)
- [x] AWS Storage Gateway

#### Q85. ::
`An online retail company has seasonal sales spikes several times a year, primarily around holidays. Demand is lower at other times. The company finds it difficult to predict the increasing infrastructure demand for each season.
`Which advantages of moving to the AWS Cloud would MOST benefit the company? (Choose two.)

- [ ] Global footprint
- [x] Elasticity
- [ ] AWS service quotas
- [ ] AWS shared responsibility model
- [x] Pay-as-you-go pricing

#### Q86. ::
`Which AWS service can be used to turn text into lifelike speech?

- [x] Amazon Polly
- [ ] Amazon Kendra
- [ ] Amazon Rekognition
- [ ] Amazon Connect

#### Q87. ::
`Which AWS service or tool can be used to capture information about inbound and outbound traffic in an Amazon VPC?

- [x] VPC Flow Logs
- [ ] Amazon Inspector
- [ ] VPC endpoint services
- [ ] NAT gateway

#### Q88. ::
`A company wants to ensure that two Amazon EC2 instances are in separate data centers with minimal communication latency between the data centers.
`How can the company meet this requirement?

- [ ] Place the EC2 instances in two separate AWS Regions connected with a VPC peering connection.
- [x] Place the EC2 instances in two separate Availability Zones within the same AWS Region.
- [ ] Place one EC2 instance on premises and the other in an AWS Region. Then connect them by using an AWS VPN connection.
- [ ] Place both EC2 instances in a placement group for dedicated bandwidth.

#### Q89.::
`In which situations should a company create an IAM user instead of an IAM role? (Choose two.)

- [ ] When an application that runs on Amazon EC2 instances requires access to other AWS services
- [x] When the company creates AWS access credentials for individuals
- [ ] When the company creates an application that runs on a mobile phone that makes requests to AWS
- [x] When the company needs to add users to IAM groups
- [ ] When users are authenticated in the corporate network and want to be able to use AWS without having to sign in a second time

#### Q90. ::
`Which AWS services should a company use to read and write data that changes frequently? (Choose two.)

- [ ] Amazon S3 Glacier
- [x] Amazon RDS
- [ ] AWS Snowball
- [ ] Amazon Redshift
- [x] Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)
