##   p12_v0

#### Q485::
`Which options does AWS make available for customers who want to learn about security in the cloud in an instructor-led setting? (Choose two.)

- [ ] AWS Trusted Advisor
- [x] AWS Online Tech Talks
- [ ] AWS Blog
- [ ] AWS Forums
- [x] AWS Classroom Training


#### Q486::
`Which AWS service will help a company identify the user who deleted an Amazon EC2 instance yesterday?

- [ ] Amazon CloudWatch
- [ ] AWS Trusted Advisor
- [x] AWS CloudTrail
- [ ] Amazon Inspector

#### Q487 ::
`A company is configuring its AWS Cloud environment. The company's administrators need to group users together and apply permissions to the group.
`
`Which AWS service or feature can the company use to meet these requirements?

- [ ] AWS Organizations
- [ ] Resource groups
- [ ] Resource tagging
- [x] AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)


#### Q488. :: 
`Which statement describes a characteristic of the AWS global infrastructure?

- [ ] Edge locations contain multiple AWS Regions
- [ ] AWS Regions contain multiple Regional edge caches
- [x] Availability Zones contain multiple data centers
- [ ] Each data center contains multiple edge locations

#### Q489. ::
`A company has an online shopping website and wants to store customers' credit card data. The company must meet Payment Card Industry (PCI) standards.
`
`Which service can the company use to access AWS compliance documentation?

- [ ] Amazon Cloud Directory
- [x] AWS Artifact
- [ ] AWS Trusted Advisor
- [ ] Amazon Inspector

#### Q490. ::
`Which AWS service can a company use to perform complex analytical queries?

- [ ] Amazon RDS
- [ ] Amazon DynamoDB
- [x] Amazon Redshift
- [ ] Amazon ElastiCache

#### Q491. :: 
`Which AWS service should a company use to check for IAM access keys that have not been rotated recently?

- [ ] AWS WAF
- [ ] AWS Trusted Advisor
- [x] Amazon Inspector
- [ ] AWS Certificate Manager (ACM)

#### Q492. ::
`A user wants to identify any security group that is allowing unrestricted incoming SSH traffic.
`
`Which AWS service can be used to accomplish this goal?

- [ ] Amazon Cognito
- [ ] AWS Shield
- [ ] Amazon Macie
- [x] AWS Trusted Advisor

#### Q493. ::
`Which of the following are advantages of moving to the AWS Cloud? (Choose two.)

- [ ] The ability to turn over the responsibility for all security to AWS
- [x] The ability to use the pay as you go model
- [ ] The ability to have full control over the physical infrastructure
- [x] No longer having to guess what capacity will be required
- [ ] No longer worrying about users access controls


#### Q494. ::
`Which task requires the use of AWS account root user credentials?


- [x] The deletion of IAM users
- [ ] The change to a different AWS Support plan
- [ ] The creation of an organization in AWS Organizations
- [ ] The deletion of Amazon EC2 instances

#### Q495. ::
`What is a characteristic of Convertible Reserved Instances (RIs)?


- [x] Users can exchange Convertible RIs for other Convertible RIs from a different instance family
- [ ] Users can exchange Convertible RIs for other Convertible RIs in different AWS Regions
- [ ] Users can sell and buy Convertible RIs on the AWS Marketplace
- [ ] Users can shorten the term of their Convertible RIs by merging them with other Convertible RIs

#### Q496. ::
`A company wants to deploy and manage a Docker based application on AWS.
`
`Which solution meets these requirements with the LEAST amount of operational overhead?

- [ ] An open source Docker orchestrator on Amazon EC2 instances
- [ ] AWS AppSync
- [ ] Amazon Elastic Container Registry (Amazon ECR)
- [x] Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS)

#### Q497. ::
`Which of the following is an advantage of AWS Cloud computing?

- [ ] Trade security for elasticity
- [ ] Trade operational excellence for agility
- [x] Trade fixed expenses for variable expenses
- [ ] Trade elasticity for performance

#### Q498. ::
`According to the AWS shared responsibility model which of the following are AWS responsibilities? (Choose two.)

- [x] Network infrastructure and virtualization of infrastructure
- [ ] Security of application data
- [ ] Guest operating systems
- [x] Physical security of hardware
- [ ] Credentials and policies

#### Q499. ::
`A company plans to migrate its application to AWS and run the application on Amazon EC2 instances. The application will have continuous usage for 1 year.
`
`Which EC2 instance purchasing option will meet these requirements MOST cost effectively?

- [x] Reserved Instances
- [ ] Spot Instances
- [ ] On Demand Instances
- [ ] Dedicated Hosts

#### Q500. ::
`Which of the following are AWS Cloud design principles? (Choose two.)

- [ ] Pay for compute resources in advance
- [ ] Make data driven decisions to determine cloud architectural design
- [ ] Emphasize manual processes to allow for changes
- [x] Test systems at production scale
- [x] Refine operational procedures infrequently

#### Q501. ::
`A company needs to receive notification when a deployed workload is using more than a certain percentage of a service quota.
`
`Which AWS service should the company use to meet this requirement?

- [ ] AWS Config
- [x] AWS CloudTrail
- [ ] AWS Trusted Advisor
- [ ] AWS Lambda

#### Q502. ::
`A company wants to continuously monitor its AWS accounts and workloads for malicious activity. The company also wants to receive detailed security findings for visibility and remediation.
`
`Which AWS service should the company use to meet these requirements?

- [x] Amazon GuardDuty
- [ ] AWS Shield
- [ ] AWS WAP
- [ ] AWS CloudTrail

#### Q503. ::
`Which design principle should be considered when architecting in the AWS Cloud?

- [ ] Think of servers as non-disposable resources
- [ ] Use synchronous integration of services
- [x] Design loosely coupled components
- [ ] Implement the least permissive rules for security groups

#### Q504. ::
`When a user wants to utilize their existing per-socket, per-core, or per-virtual machine software licenses for a Microsoft Windows server running on AWS, which Amazon EC2 instance type is required?

- [ ] Spot Instances
- [ ] Dedicated Instances
- [x] Dedicated Hosts
- [ ] Reserved Instances

#### Q505. ::
`Which AWS Support plan includes infrastructure event management at no additional cost?

- [ ] AWS Basic Support
- [x] AWS Business Support
- [ ] AWS Enterprise Support
- [ ] AWS Developer Support

#### Q506. ::
`A developer needs to debug and troubleshoot an application that is experiencing runtime errors. The application is running on microservices architecture on AWS.
`
`Which AWS service should the developer use to troubleshoot the application?

- [x] Amazon Inspector
- [ ] AWS CloudShell
- [ ] AWS CodeStar
- [ ] AWS X-Ray


#### Q507. ::
`What is an Availability Zone?

- [ ] A location where users can deploy compute storage, database and other select AWS services where no AWS Region currently exists
- [x] One or more discrete data centers with redundant power, networking and connectivity
- [ ] One or more clusters of servers where new workloads can be deployed
- [ ] A fast content delivery network (CDN) service that securely delivers data videos applications and APIs to users globally

#### Q508. ::
`Which of the following promotes AWS Cloud architectural best practices for designing and operating reliable, secure, efficient, and cost-effective systems?

- [ ] AWS Serverless Application Model framework
- [ ] AWS Business Support
- [ ] Principle of least privilege
- [x] AWS Well Architected Framework

#### Q509. ::
`A company has multiple AWS accounts. The company needs to simplify and consolidate its billing process.
`
`Which AWS service or tool will meet these requirements?

- [ ] AWS Cost and Usage Report
- [x] AWS Organizations
- [ ] Cost Explorer
- [ ] AWS Budgets

#### Q510. ::
`A company has a workload that requires data to be collected, analyzed, and stored on premises. The company wants to extend the use of AWS services to run on premises with access to the company network and the company's VPC.
`
`Which AWS service meets this requirement?

- [ ] AWS Outposts
- [x] AWS Storage Gateway
- [ ] AWS Direct Connect
- [ ] AWS Snowball

#### Q511. ::
`Which AWS service provides the ability to host a NoSQL database in the AWS Cloud?

- [ ] Amazon Aurora
- [x] Amazon DynamoDB
- [ ] Amazon RDS
- [ ] Amazon Redshift

#### Q512. ::
`Which of the following are benefits that a company receives when it moves an on premises production workload to AWS? (Choose two.)

- [ ] AWS trains the company's staff on the use of all the AWS services
- [ ] AWS manages all security in the cloud
- [ ] AWS offers free support from technical account managers (TAMs)
- [x] AWS offers high availability
- [x] AWS provides economies of scale

#### Q513. ::
`Which benefit does Amazon Rekognition provide?

- [ ] The ability to place watermarks on images
- [x] The ability to detect objects that appear in pictures
- [ ] The ability to resize millions of images automatically
- [ ] The ability to bid on object detection jobs

#### Q514. ::
`Which AWS Cloud deployment model uses AWS Outposts as part of the application deployment infrastructure?

- [ ] On-premises
- [ ] Serverless
- [ ] Cloud native
- [x] Hybrid

#### Q515. ::
`Which AWS service aggregates organizes and prioritizes security alerts and findings from multiple AWS services?

- [ ] Amazon Detective
- [ ] Amazon Inspector
- [ ] Amazon Macie
- [x] AWS Security Hub

#### Q516. ::
`A user is able to set up a management payer account to view consolidated billing reports through.

- [ ] AWS Budgets
- [ ] Amazon Macie
- [ ] Amazon QuickSight.
- [x] AWS Organizations

#### Q517. ::
`Which of the following are user authentication services managed by AWS? (Choose two.)

- [x] Amazon Cognito
- [ ] AWS Lambda
- [ ] AWS License Manager
- [x] AWS Identity and Access Management (1AM)
- [ ] AWS CodeStar

#### Q518. ::
`Which AWS service gives users the ability to download compliance reports from third party auditors?

- [ ] AWS Lambda
- [ ] AWS Trusted Advisor
- [x] AWS Artifact
- [ ] AWS Audit Manager

#### Q519. ::
`Which of the following is a cost efficiency principle related to the AWS Cloud?

- [ ] Right size services based on capacity requirements
- [ ] Use the Billing Dashboard to access information about monthly bills
- [x] Use AWS Organizations to combine the expenses of multiple accounts into a single bill
- [ ] Tag all AWS resources

#### Q520. ::
`Which of the following are advantages of the AWS Cloud? (Choose two.)

- [ ] Trade variable expenses for capital expenses
- [x] High economies of scale
- [x] Launch globally in minutes
- [ ] Focus on managing hardware infrastructure
- [ ] Over provision to ensure capacity

#### Q521. ::
`Which AWS service uses a combination of publishers and subscribers?

- [ ] AWS Lambda
- [x] Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS)
- [ ] Amazon Cloud Watch
- [ ] AWS CloudFormation

#### Q522. ::
`Which AWS service or tool gives users the ability to set alerts that are sent when AWS Cloud costs exceed a certain amount?

- [x] AWS Budgets
- [ ] AWS Cost and Usage Report
- [ ] AWS Cost Explorer
- [ ] Amazon Inspector



#### Q523. ::
`A company wants to protect its AWS Cloud information systems and assets while performing risk assessment and mitigation tasks
`
`Which pillar of the AWS Well Architected framework is supported by these goals?

- [ ] Reliability
- [x] Security
- [ ] Operational excellence
- [ ] Performance efficiency


#### Q524. ::
`A company is migrating an application that includes an Oracle database to AWS. The company cannot rewrite the application.
`
`To which AWS service could the company migrate the database?

- [ ] Amazon Athena
- [ ] Amazon DynamoDB
- [x] Amazon RDS
- [ ] Amazon DocumentDB (with MongoDB compatibility)


#### Q525. ::
`Which AWS service has unlimited free use?

- [ ] Amazon SageMaker
- [x] AWS Config
- [ ] AWS Organizations
- [ ] Amazon Cloud Watch


#### Q526. ::
`A cloud practitioner wants a repeatable way to deploy identical AWS resources by using infrastructure templates.
`
`Which AWS service will meet these requirements?

- [x] AWS CloudFormation
- [ ] AWS Directory Service
- [ ] Amazon Lightsail
- [ ] AWS CodeDeploy


#### Q527. ::
`A company is building an application that will receive millions of database queries each second. The company needs the data store for the application to scale to meet these needs.
`
`Which AWS service will meet this requirement?

- [ ] Amazon DynamoDB
- [x] AWS Cloud9
- [ ] Amazon Elastic ache for Memcached
- [ ] Amazon Neptune


#### Q528. ::
`Which design principles support the reliability pillar of the AWS Well Architected framework? (Choose two.)

- [ ] Perform operations as code
- [ ] Enable traceability
- [x] Automatically scale to meet demand
- [ ] Deploy resources globally to improve response time
- [x] Automatically recover from failure


#### Q529. ::
`Which services can be used to deploy applications on AWS? (Choose two.)

- [x] AWS Elastic Beanstalk
- [ ] AWS Config
- [x] AWS OpsWorks
- [ ] AWS Application Discovery Service
- [ ] Amazon Kinesis


#### Q530. ::
`Which AWS feature or resource is a deployable Amazon EC2 instance template that is prepackaged with software and security requirements?

- [ ] Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume
- [ ] AWS CloudFormation template
- [ ] Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) snapshot
- [x] Amazon Machine Image (AMI)
