##   p11-3-3

#### Q469. ::
`Which AWS service is a key-value database that provides sub-millisecond latency on a large scale?

- [x] Amazon DynamoDB
- [ ] Amazon Aurora
- [ ] Amazon DocumentDB (with MongoDB compatibility)
- [ ] Amazon Neptune

#### Q470. ::
`A company stores several terabytes of data in an Amazon S3 bucket. The company needs to query the data by using standard SQL and does not want to set up infrastructure.
`
`Which AWS service should the company use to meet these requirements?

- [ ] Amazon RDS
- [ ] Amazon Redshift
- [x] Amazon Athena
- [ ] Amazon EC2

#### Q471. ::
`Which AWS service supports the analysis, investigation, and identification of the root cause of security events and suspicious activities in an AWS account?

- [ ] Amazon Inspector
- [ ] Amazon Macie
- [x] Amazon Detective
- [ ] Amazon CloudWatch

#### Q472. ::
`A company plans to run its IT infrastructure in the AWS Cloud. The infrastructure must be highly available. The company also must minimize the network latency between servers.
`
`Which deployment scenario will meet these requirements?

- [ ] Deploy in multiple Availability Zones in multiple AWS Regions.
- [ ] Deploy in one Availability Zone in one AWS Region
- [ ] Deploy in multiple AWS Regions. Deploy in one Availability Zone in each Region.
- [x] Deploy in multiple Availability Zones in one AWS Region.

#### Q473. ::
`Which AWS service decouples application components so that the components run independently?

- [ ] Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS)
- [ ] Amazon Simple Workflow Service (Amazon SWF)
- [ ] AWS Glue
- [x] Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS)


#### Q474. ::
`A company is designing an application. For the data persistence layer, the company wants to use a NoSQL database.
`
`Which AWS service should the company use for the database?

- [ ] Amazon Redshift
- [ ] AWS DataSync
- [ ] Amazon Athena
- [x] Amazon DynamoDB

#### Q475. ::
`Which AWS service keeps track of SSL/TLS certificates, creates new certificates, and processes renewals?

- [ ] AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)
- [x] AWS Certificate Manager (ACM)
- [ ] AWS Config
- [ ] AWS Trusted Advisor

#### Q476. ::
`A company is using AWS Lambda.
`
`Which task is the company’s responsibility, according to the AWS shared responsibility model?

- [ ] Update the Lambda runtime language.
- [ ] Maintain the runtime environment.
- [x] Maintain the networking infrastructure.
- [ ] Configure the resource.

#### Q477. ::
`A company needs to process data from satellite communications without managing any infrastructure.
`
`Which AWS service should the company use to meet these requirements?

- [ ] Amazon CloudWatch
- [ ] Amazon Aurora
- [ ] Amazon Athena
- [x] AWS Ground Station
