##   p11-2-3

#### Q455. ::
`A company stores data in an Amazon S3 bucket.
`
`Which task is the responsibility of AWS?

- [ ] Configure an S3 Lifecycle policy.
- [ ] Activate S3 Versioning.
- [ ] Configure S3 bucket policies.
- [x] Protect the infrastructure that supports S3 storage.

#### Q456. ::
`Which AWS service allows a user to provision a managed MySQL DB instance?

- [ ] Amazon DynamoDB
- [ ] Amazon Redshift
- [x] Amazon RDS
- [ ] AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS)

#### Q457. ::
`Which AWS service should a cloud practitioner use to receive real-time guidance for provisioning resources, based on AWS best practices related to security, cost optimization, and service limits?

- [x] AWS Trusted Advisor
- [ ] AWS Config
- [ ] AWS Security Hub
- [ ] AWS Systems Manager

#### Q458. ::
`Which statements represent the cost-effectiveness of the AWS Cloud? (Choose two.)

- [x] Users can trade fixed expenses for variable expenses.
- [ ] Users can deploy all over the world in minutes.
- [ ] AWS offers increased speed and agility.
- [ ] AWS is responsible for patching the infrastructure.
- [x] Users benefit from economies of scale.

#### Q459. ::
`Which AWS service stores graph data in the form of vertices and edges?

- [ ] Amazon DynamoDB
- [ ] Amazon RDS
- [ ] Amazon Quantum Ledger Database (Amazon QLDB)
- [x] Amazon Neptune

#### Q460. ::
`When designing AWS workloads to be operational even when there are component failures, what is an AWS best practice?

- [ ] Perform quarterly disaster recovery tests.
- [ ] Place the main component on the us-east-1 Region.
- [x] Design for automatic failover to healthy resources.
- [ ] Design workloads to fit on a single Amazon EC2 instance.

#### Q461. ::
`A company wants to protect resources that the company hosts on AWS, including Application Load Balancers and Amazon CloudFront distributions. The company wants an AWS service that can provide near real-time visibility into attacks on the company's resources. The service must also have a dedicated AWS team to assist with distributed denial of service (DDoS) attacks.
`
`Which AWS service will meet these requirements?

- [ ] AWS WAF
- [ ] AWS Shield Standard
- [ ] Amazon Macie
- [x] AWS Shield Advanced

#### Q462. ::
`Which AWS Support plan provides customers with access to an AWS technical account manager (TAM)?

- [ ] AWS Basic Support
- [ ] AWS Developer Support
- [ ] AWS Business Support
- [x] AWS Enterprise Support


#### Q463. ::
`Which task is the responsibility of a company that is using Amazon RDS?

- [ ] Provision the underlying infrastructure.
- [x] Create IAM policies to control administrative access to the service.
- [ ] Install the cables to connect the hardware for compute and storage.
- [ ] Install and patch the RDS operating system.

#### Q464. ::
`A company has an application with robust hardware requirements. The application must be accessed by students who are using lightweight, low-cost laptops.
`
`Which AWS service will help the company deploy the application without investing in backend infrastructure or high-end client hardware?

- [x] Amazon AppStream 2.0
- [ ] AWS AppSync
- [ ] Amazon WorkLink
- [ ] AWS Elastic Beanstalk

#### Q465. ::
`Which of the following is an AWS value proposition that describes a user's ability to scale infrastructure based on demand?

- [ ] Speed of innovation
- [x] Resource elasticity
- [ ] Decoupled architecture
- [ ] Global deployment

#### Q466. ::
`A company needs to organize its resources and track AWS costs on a detailed level. The company needs to categorize costs by business department, environment, and application.
`
`Which solution will meet these requirements?

- [ ] Access the AWS Cost Management console to organize resources, set an AWS budget, and receive notifications of unintentional usage.
- [x] Use tags to organize the resources. Activate cost allocation tags to track AWS costs on a detailed level.
- [ ] Create Amazon CloudWatch dashboards to visually organize and track costs individually.
- [ ] Access the AWS Billing and Cost Management dashboard to organize and track resource consumption on a detailed level.

#### Q467. ::
`Using Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) to break down a monolithic architecture into microservices is an example of:

- [x] a loosely coupled architecture.
- [ ] a tightly coupled architecture.
- [ ] a stateless architecture.
- [ ] a stateful architecture.

#### Q468. ::
`Which AWS benefit is demonstrated by on-demand technology services that enable companies to replace upfront fixed expenses with variable expenses?

- [ ] High availability
- [ ] Economies of scale
- [x] Pay-as-you-go pricing
- [ ] Global reach
