##   p11-1-3

#### Q441::
`A company wants to use the AWS Cloud to define its entire infrastructure as code. The company wants to limit human error and activate consistent responses to events.
`
`Which pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework does this plan support?

- [ ] Security
- [x] Operational excellence
- [ ] Cost optimization
- [ ] Reliability


#### Q442::
`A developer wants AWS users to access AWS services by using temporary security credentials.
`
`Which AWS service or feature should the developer use to provide these credentials?

- [ ] IAM policies
- [ ] IAM user groups
- [x] AWS Security Token Service (AWS STS)
- [ ] AWS IAM Identity Center (AWS Single Sign-On)

#### Q443 ::
`Which of the following is an architectural design principle of the AWS Well-Architected Framework?

- [x] Loosely couple components
- [ ] Build monolithic systems
- [ ] Scale vertically, not horizontally
- [ ] Use third-party software



#### Q444. :: 
`What does the Amazon S3 Intelligent-Tiering storage class offer?

- [ ] Payment flexibility by reserving storage capacity
- [ ] Long-term retention of data by copying the data to an encrypted Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume
- [x] Automatic cost savings by moving objects between tiers based on access pattern changes
- [ ] Secure, durable, and lowest cost storage for data archival

#### Q445. ::
`How does the AWS Cloud help companies build agility into their processes and cloud infrastructure?

- [x] Companies can avoid provisioning too much capacity when they do not know how much capacity is required.
- [ ] Companies can expand into new geographic regions.
- [ ] Companies can access a range of technologies to experiment and innovate quickly.
- [ ] Companies can pay for IT resources only when they use the resources.

#### Q446. ::
`Which of the following is a recommended design principle of the AWS Well-Architected Framework?

- [ ] Reduce downtime by making infrastructure changes infrequently and in large increments.
- [ ] Invest the time to configure infrastructure manually.
- [x] Learn to improve from operational failures.
- [ ] Use monolithic application design for centralization.

#### Q447. :: 
`An Availability Zone consists of:

- [x] one or more data centers in a single location.
- [ ] two or more data centers in multiple locations.
- [ ] one or more physical hosts in a single data center.
- [ ] two or more physical hosts in multiple data centers.

#### Q448. ::
`A company is designing a web application that will run on Amazon EC2 instances.
`
`Which AWS services and features will improve availability and reduce the impact of failures for this application? (Choose two.)

- [x] Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling for the EC2 instances
- [ ] VPC subnet ACLs to check the health of a service
- [x] Resources that are distributed across multiple Availability Zones
- [ ] Configuration of AWS Server Migration Service (AWS SMS) to move the EC2 instances to a different AWS Region
- [ ] Resources that are distributed across multiple AWS points of presence

#### Q449. ::
`Which fully managed AWS service assists with the creation, testing, and management of custom Amazon EC2 images?

- [x] EC2 Image Builder
- [ ] Amazon Machine Image (AMI)
- [ ] AWS Launch Wizard
- [ ] AWS Elastic Beanstalk


#### Q450. ::
`Which of the following describes an AWS Region?

- [x] Specific location within a geographic area that provides high availability
- [ ] Set of data centers spanning multiple countries
- [ ] A global picture of a user's cloud computing environment
- [ ] A collection of databases that can be accessed from a specific geographic area only

#### Q451. ::
`Which AWS service provides recommendations to help users optimize costs and follow AWS best practices?

- [x] AWS Trusted Advisor
- [ ] AWS Service Catalog
- [ ] AWS Ground Station
- [ ] Amazon GuardDuty

#### Q452. ::
`Which AWS service provides a cloud-based contact center that scales to support a business of any size?

- [ ] Amazon Personalize
- [ ] Amazon Cognito
- [x] Amazon Connect
- [ ] Amazon Lightsail

#### Q453. ::
`A financial company needs to centrally manage its AWS accounts and use consolidated billing.
`   
`Which AWS service or feature should the company use?

- [ ] AWS Cost Explorer
- [x] AWS Organizations
- [ ] AWS Billing and Cost Management
- [ ] AWS Budgets


#### Q454. ::
`A company is preparing for an audit and wants documentation that AWS complies with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS).
` 
`Where can the company find this documentation?

- [x] AWS Artifact
- [ ] AWS Organizations
- [ ] AWS Trusted Advisor
- [ ] AWS Support Center
