##   n245-274-reals


#### Q245. Trust Center is part of the Azure Security Center

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### Q245. Trust Center can only be accessed by users that have an Azure subscription

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### Q245. Trust Center provides information about the Azure compliance offerins

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No

#### Q246. You can use Azure Policy to apply tags to resources

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No

#### Q246. You can add multiple tags to the same Azure resource

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No

#### Q246. An Azure resource inherits tags from the resource group to whitch the resource is deployed

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### Q247. Describes which personal data is collected, how the data is used, and what the data is used for

- [ ]  Data Protection Addendum
- [x]  Microsoft Privacy Statement
- [ ]  Online Service Terms


#### Q247. A legal agreement that details the obligations between Microsoft and a customer regarding the processing and security of customer data and personal data

- [x]  Data Protection Addendum
- [ ]  Microsoft Privacy Statement
- [ ]  Online Service Terms


#### Q247. Defines the data processing and security terms for online services, including the disclosure of processed data and the transfer, retention, and deletion of data

- [ ]  Data Protection Addendum
- [ ]  Microsoft Privacy Statement
- [x]  Online Service Terms

#### Q248. An Azure Policy initiative definition is a 

- [x] collection of policy definitions
- [ ] collection of Azure Policy definition assignements
- [ ] group of Azure Blueprints definitions
- [ ] group of role-based access control (RBAC) role assignements


#### Q249. Azure China

- [ ] is operated by Microsoft
- [x] has feature parity with Azure global
- [ ] services can be accessed from China only
- [ ] is a distinct seperate instance of Microsoft Azure

#### Q250. All Azure services in private preview must be accessed by using a separate Azure Portal

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### Q250. Azure services in public preview can be used in production environment

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No


#### Q250. Azure services in public preview are subject to a Service Level Agreement (SLA)

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


































#### Q251. Your company has 10 offices. You plan to generate several billing reports from the Azure portal. Each report will contain the Azure resource utilization of each office. Which Azure Resource Manager feature should you use before you generate the reports?

- [x] tags
- [ ] templates
- [ ] locks
- [ ] policies

#### Q252. A standard support plan is included in an Azure free account

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### Q252. A Premier support plan can only be purchased by companies that have en Entreprise Agreement (EA)

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No


#### Q252. Support from MSDN forums is only provided to companies that have a pay-as-you-go subscription

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### Q253. If Microsoft plans to end support for an Azure service that does NOT have a successor service, Microsoft will provide notification at least 12 months before.

- [x] No change is needed.
- [ ] 6 months
- [ ] 90 days
- [ ] 30 days

#### Q254. A user who is assigned the Owner role can transfer ownership of an Azure subscription

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### Q254. You can convert the Azure subscription of your company from free Trial to pay-as-you-go

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No


#### Q254. The Azure spending limit is fixed and cannot be increased or decreased

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No


#### Q255. With Azure Reservations, you pay less for virtual machines than with pay-as-you-go pricing

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No


#### Q255. Two Azure virtual machines that use the B2S size have the same monthly costs

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### Q255. When an Azure virtual machine is stopped, you continue to pay storage costs for the virtual machine

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No

#### Q256. Your company has an Azure subscription that contains the following unused resources:
`✑ 20 user accounts in Azure Active Directory (Azure AD)
`✑ Five groups in Azure AD
`✑ 10 public IP addresses
`✑ 10 network interfaces
`You need to reduce the Azure costs for the company.
`Solution: You remove the unused network interfaces.
`Does this meet the goal?

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### Q257. Your company has an Azure subscription that contains the following unused resources:
`✑ 20 user accounts in Azure Active Directory (Azure AD)
`✑ Five groups in Azure AD
`✑ 10 public IP addresses
`✑ 10 network interfaces
`You need to reduce the Azure costs for the company.
`Solution: You remove the unused public IP addresses.
`Does this meet the goal?

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No

#### Q258. Your company has an Azure subscription that contains the following unused resources:
`✑ 20 user accounts in Azure Active Directory (Azure AD)
`✑ Five groups in Azure AD
`✑ 10 public IP addresses
`✑ 10 network interfaces
`You need to reduce the Azure costs for the company.
`Solution: You remove the unused user accounts.
`Does this meet the goal?

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### Q259. How should you calculate the monthly uptime percentage? 

- [ ] Downtime in minutes / 60 * 100
- [ ] Maximum Available Minutes / 1,440 * 99,99
- [x] (Maximum Available Minutes - Downtime in Minutes) / Maximum Available Minutes * 100 


#### Q260. By creating additional resource groups in an Azure subscription, additional costs are incurred

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### Q260. By copying several gigabits of data to Azure from an on-premises network over a VPN, additional data transfer costs are incurred

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### Q260. By copying several GB of data from Azure to on-premises network over a VPN, additional data transfer costs are incurred. 

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No




































#### Q261. A support plan solution that gives you best practice information, health status and notifications, and 24/7 access to billing information at the lowest possible cost is a Standard support plan.

- [ ] No change is needed
- [ ] Developer
- [x] Basic
- [ ] Premier


#### Q262. In which Azure support plans can you open a new support request?

- [ ] Premier and Professional Direct only
- [ ] Premier, Professional Direct, and Standard only
- [ ] Premier, Professional Direct, Standard, and Developer only
- [x] Premier, Professional Direct, Standard, Developer, and Basic


#### Q263. You can create an Azure support request from support.microsoft.com.

- [ ] No change is needed.
- [x] the Azure portal
- [ ] the Knowledge Center
- [ ] the Security & Compliance admin center

#### Q264. Your company has an Azure subscription that contains the following unused resources:
`✑ 20 user accounts in Azure Active Directory (Azure AD)
`✑ Five groups in Azure AD
`✑ 10 public IP addresses
`✑ 10 network interfaces
`You need to reduce the Azure costs for the company.
`Solution: You remove the unused groups.
`Does this meet the goal?

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### Q265. The Azure Standard support plan is the lowest cost option to receive 24x7 access to support engineers by phone.

- [x] No change is needed
- [ ] Developer
- [ ] Basic
- [ ] Professional Direct


#### Q266. All Azure services that are in public preview are

- [ ] provided without any documentation
- [ ] only configurable from Azure CLI
- [x] excluded from the Service Level Agreement
- [ ] only configurable from the Azure portal

#### Q267. What is guaranteed in an Azure Service Level Agreement (SLA) for virtual machines?

- [x] uptime
- [ ] feature availability
- [ ] bandwidth
- [ ] performance



#### Q268. An Azure service is available to all Azure customers when it is in 

- [x] public preview
- [ ] private preview
- [ ] developpment
- [ ] an Enterprise Agreement (EA) subdivision


#### Q269. Your company plans to purchase an Azure subscription. The companyג€™s support policy states that the Azure environment must provide an option to access support engineers by phone or email. You need to recommend which support plan meets the support policy requirement. Solution: Recommend a Basic support plan. Does this meet the goal?
- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### Q270. Your company plans to purchase an Azure subscription. The companyג€™s support policy states that the Azure environment must provide an option to access support engineers by phone or email. You need to recommend which support plan meets the support policy requirement. Solution: Recommend a Standard support plan. Does this meet the goal?

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No




































#### Q271. Your company plans to purchase an Azure subscription. The companyג€™s support policy states that the Azure environment must provide an option to access support engineers by phone or email. You need to recommend which support plan meets the support policy requirement. Solution: Recommend a Premier support plan. Does this meet the goal?

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No


#### Q272. Your company plans to request an architectural review of an Azure environment from Microsoft. The company currently has a Basic support plan. You need to recommend a new support plan for the company. The solution must minimize costs. Which support plan should you recommend?

- [x]  Premier
- [ ]  Developer
- [ ]  Professional Direct
- [ ]  Standard

#### Q273. Most Azure services are introduces in private preview before being introducedin public preview, and then in general availability

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No


#### Q273. Azure services in public preview can be managed only by using the Azure CLI

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### Q273. The cost of an Azure service in private preview decreases when the service becomes generally available

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### Q274. What is required to use Azure Cost Management?

- [ ]  a Dev/Test subscription
- [ ]  Software Assurance
- [ ]  an Enterprise Agreement (EA)
- [x]  a pay-as-you-go subscription

