##   4*.2105.1028

#### 1p5::
`You have an Azure virtual network named Vnet1 that contains two subnets named Subnet1 and Subnet2. Both subnets contain virtual machines.
`You create a NAT gateway named NATgateway1 as shown in the following exhibit.
`Create network address translation (NAT) gateway.
`(OK)Validation passed
`Basics--Outbound IP-- Subnet--Tags--Review + create
`Basics
`    Subscription---------   Subscription1
`    Resource group---------RG1
`    Name---------NATgateway1
`    Region---------North Europe
`Availability zone--------- -
`Idle timeout (minutes)
`---------4
`Outbound IP
`    Public IP address---------None
`Public IP prefix---------(New) NATgateway1-prefix (28)
`Subnets
`Virtual network---------Vnet1
`Subnets--------- None
`Tags
`None
`[Create] [< Previous] Next > Download a template for automation
`Use the drop-down menus to select the answer choice that completes each statement based on the information presented in the graphic.
`NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one point
`::
`With a prefix length of 28, there are 32−28=4 bits available for host addresses.
`The number of possible IP addresses is 2^4=16
`Thus, a /28 prefix provides 16 IP addresses.

- [ ] NATgateway1 can be linked to: only GatewaySubnet
- [ ] NATgateway1 can be linked to: only Subnet1 or Subnet2 
- [x] NATgateway1 can be linked to: both Subnet1 and Subnet2 
- [ ] NATgateway1 can be linked to: only Vnet1

- [ ] NATgateway1 is assigned: 0 IP addresses 
- [ ] NATgateway1 is assigned: 1 IP addresses 
- [ ] NATgateway1 is assigned: 2 IP addresses 
- [x] NATgateway1 is assigned: 16 IP addresses 
- [ ] NATgateway1 is assigned: 28 IP addresses


#### 2p4::
`You have an Azure subscription that contains a virtual network named VNet1. VNet1 contains the resources shown in the following table.
`Name------------------|Type-----------------------|Location-------|Description
`AG1-------------------|Azure Application Gateway-|---------------|VMSS1--Virtual machine scale set
`---------------------|--------------------------|---------------|Will automatically scale up to three instances
`---------------------|--------------------------|---------------|Consists of four virtual machines that run an app named App1
`You need to publish App1 by using AG1 and a URL of https://app1.contoso.com. The solution must meet the following requirements:
`• TLS connections must terminate on AG1.
`• Minimize the number of targets in the backend pool of AG1.
`• Minimize the number of deployed copies of the SSL certificate of App1.
`How many locations should you import the certificate, and how many targets should you add to the backend pool of AG1? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.
`NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one point::

- [x] Certificates: 1
- [ ] Certificates: 2
- [ ] Certificates: 3
- [ ] Certificates: 4
- [ ] Certificates: 5

- [x] Backend pool targets: 1
- [ ] Backend pool targets: 2
- [ ] Backend pool targets: 3
- [ ] Backend pool targets: 4


#### 2p5::
`You have an Azure subscription that contains a virtual network named Vnet1. Vnet1 has a /24 IPv4 address space.
`You need to subdivide Vnet1. The solution must maximize the number of usable subnets.
`What is the maximum number of IPv4 subnets you can create, and how many usable IP addresses will be available per subnet? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.
`NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one point::
`::
`Correct.
`Using a /24 will give us 256 IPs. Now, In azure we can create a minimum subnet of /29 which gives us 8 IPs per subnet. Dividing 256/8 we get 32 thus we can have 32 IPv4 subnets. Out of each these subnets 5 IP from them will be used by azure so number of usable IP in each subnet is 3.
`   upvoted 17 times
` Lazylinux Highly Voted  9 months ago
`Yes Answer is correct it is 3 IPs and 32 Subnets as smallest subnet in Azure is /29 dues to 5 reserved IPs out of any subnet and largest is /2 - example here from MS
`Are there any restrictions on using IP addresses within these subnets?
`Yes. Azure reserves the first four and last IP address for a total of 5 IP addresses within each subnet.
`For example, the IP address range of 192.168.1.0/24 has the following reserved addresses:
192.168.1.0 : Network address
192.168.1.1 : Reserved by Azure for the default `gateway
`192.168.1.2, 192.168.1.3 : Reserved by Azure to map the Azure DNS IPs to the VNet space
`192.168.1.255 : Network broadcast address.

- [ ] Usable IP addresses: 1
- [x] Usable IP addresses: 3
- [ ] Usable IP addresses: 7
- [ ] IPv4 subnets: 16
- [x] IPv4 subnets: 32
- [ ] IPv4 subnets: 64
- [ ] IPv4 subnets: 128


#### 2p5::
`You have an Azure subscription that contains the resources shown in the following table.
`
`Name----------|Type
`Vnet1---------|Virtual network
`Vnet2---------|Virtual network
`Firewall1-----|Azure Firewall
`Subnet1-------|Virtual subnet
`Subnet2-------|Virtual subnet
`VM1-----------|Virtual machine
`VM2-----------|Virtual machine
`
`The virtual network topology is shown in the following exhibit.
`
`------------------------------------------|
`Vnet1-------------------------------------|
`Address space 10.100.0.0/16---------------|
`-----------AzureFirewallSubnet|---Subnet1||
`-----------Firewall1----------|---VM1----||
`__________________________________________|
`----------------||
`----------------||
`----------Virtual network
`--------------peering
`----------------||
`----------------||
`__________________________________________|
`Vnet2-------------------------------------|
`Address space 10.101.0.0/16---------------|
`----------------------------------Subnet2||
`----------------------------------VM2----||
`
`Firewall1 is configured as shown in following exhibit.
`
`Firewall
`Firewall1
`
`Resource group (change)
`    RG1
`Location
`    North Europe
`Subscription (change)
`    Subscription1
`Subscription ID
`    169d1bba-ba4c-471c-b513-092eb7063265
`Virtual network
`    Vnet1
`Firewall policy 
`    FirewallPolicy1
`Provisioning state 
`    Succeeded
`
`
`Firewall sku 
`    Standard
`Firewall subnet 
`    AzureFirewallSubnet
`Firewall public 
`    IP Firewall1-IP1
`Firewall private IP 
`    10.100.253.4
`Management subnet
`Management public IP
`Private IP Ranges 
`    Managed by Firewall Policy
`
`FirewallPolicy1 contains the following rules:
`
`• Allow outbound traffic from Vnet1 and Vnet2 to the internet.
`• Allow any traffic between Vnet1 and Vnet2.
`
`No custom private endpoints, service endpoints, routing tables, or network security groups (NSGs) were created.
`
`For each of the following statements, select Yes if the statement is true. Otherwise, select No.
`NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one point.
`
`::
`Should be YNY
`Y - You need to add User Defined Route to the Firewall Appliance from the subnets (https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/firewall/tutorial-firewall-deploy-portal)
`N - The firewall is not a VPN Gateway, and we do not have any connection with On-Premises here (https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/answers/questions/516530/how-to-set-up-a-multi-spoke-virtual-network-in-azu)
`Y - Azure Firewall can filter by web categories (https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/firewall/web-categories)

- [ ] A routing table must be associated with Subnet1 and Subnet2 to ensure that all internet traffic for VM1 and VM2 is sent via Firewall1.: Yes
- [x] A routing table must be associated with Subnet1 and Subnet2 to ensure that all internet traffic for VM1 and VM2 is sent via Firewall1.: No
- [ ] The enable remote gateway setting must be enabled on the virtual net peering to provide VM2 Internet access by using Firewall1.: Yes
- [x] The enable remote gateway setting must be enabled on the virtual net peering to provide VM2 Internet access by using Firewall1.: No
- [x] Firewall1 can be configured to limit access to websites by categories.: Yes
- [ ] Firewall1 can be configured to limit access to websites by categories.: No


#### 2p6::
`Your company has 40 branch offices across North America and Europe.
`You have an Azure subscription that contains the following virtual networks:
`• Two networks in the East US Azure region
`• Three networks in the West Europe Azure region
`You need to implement Azure Virtual WAN. The solution must meet the following requirements:
`• Each branch office in North America must have an ExpressRoute circuit and a Site-to-Site VPN that connects to the East US region.
`• Each branch office in Europe must have an ExpressRoute circuit and a Site-to-Site VPN that connects to the West Europe region.
`• Transitive connections must be supported between all the branch offices and all the virtual networks.
`• Costs must be minimized.
`What is the minimum number of Virtual WAN resources required? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area::
`::
`1 Standard VWAN (all hubs can be connected globally across regions with Standard VWAN)
`
`2 VHUBS (one for each region)
`
`4 Gateways (1 ER Gateway in US, 1 VPNGW in US + 1 ER Gateway in Europe + 1 VPNGW in Europe)

- [ ] Virtual WAN: One Basic virtual WAN
- [x] Virtual WAN: One Standard virtual WAN
- [ ] Virtual WAN: Two Basic virtual WANs
- [ ] Virtual WAN: Two Standard virtual WANs

- [ ] Virtual WAN hub: One virtual WAN hub
- [x] Virtual WAN hub: Two virtual WAN hubs
- [ ] Virtual WAN hub: Four virtual WAN hubs
- [ ] Virtual WAN hub: Five virtual WAN hubs

- [ ] Virtual network gateway: One virtual network gateway
- [ ] Virtual network gateway: Two virtual network gateways
- [x] Virtual network gateway: Four virtual network gateways
- [ ] Virtual network gateway: Five virtual network gateways

#### 2p7::
`You have a DNS domain named contoso.com that is hosted by a third-party domain name registrar.
`You have an Azure subscription.
`You need to ensure that all DNS queries for the contoso.com domain are resolved by using Azure DNS.
`What should you create in the registrar, and what should you create in Azure? To answer, drag the appropriate options to the correct targets. Each option may be used once, more than once, or not at all. You may need to drag the split bar between panes or scroll to view content.
`NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one point::




- [x] Registrar: A delegation
- [ ] Registrar: A DNS subdomain
- [ ] Registrar: A forwarder
- [ ] Registrar: A primary DNS zone
- [ ] Registrar: A private DNS zone
- [ ] Registrar: A public DNS zone
- [ ] Registrar: A secondary DNS zone


- [ ] Azure: A delegation
- [ ] Azure: A DNS subdomain
- [ ] Azure: A forwarder
- [ ] Azure: A primary DNS zone
- [ ] Azure: A private DNS zone
- [x] Azure: A public DNS zone
- [ ] Azure: A secondary DNS zone


#### 2p8::
`You have an on-premises network.
`You have an Azure subscription that contains the resources shown in the following table.
`
`Name--------|Type--------------|Description
`Vnet1-------|Virtual network---|None
`VM1---------|Virtual machine---|Connect to Vnet1
`VM2---------|Virtual machine---|Connect to Vnet1
`SQL1--------|Azure SQL Database|Internet accessible
`
`You need to implement an ExpressRoute circuit to access the resources in the subscription. The solution must ensure that the on-premises network connects to the Azure resources by using the ExpressRoute circuit.
`Which type of peering should you use for each connection? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.
`NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one point::




- [ ] Connection to Vnet1: Microsoft peering 
- [x] Connection to Vnet1: Private peering
- [ ] Connection to Vnet1: Public peering
- [ ] Connection to Vnet1: Virtual network peering
- [x] Connection to SQL1: Microsoft peering
- [ ] Connection to SQL1: Private peering
- [ ] Connection to SQL1: Public peering
- [ ] Connection to SQL1: Virtual network peering

#### 2p9::
`You are planning the IP addressing for the subnets in Azure virtual networks.
`Which type of resource requires IP addresses in the subnets? Each option may be used once, more than once, or not at all.::

- [ ] storage account
- [x] internal load balancers
- [ ] service endpoints
- [ ] virtual network peering

#### 56p4::
`You have the on-premises networks shown in the following table.
`
`Name-----ASN---IP address space--------------Connection type--------Description
`Branch1--64551--10.50.0.0/24, 10.61.0.0/16---VPN-------------------Is an on-premises datacenter
`Branch2--64551--10.50.0.0/16, 10.61.0.0/16---VPN and ExpressRoute--AS Path has a prefix of 64551,64551,64551
`Branch3--64551--10.50.2.0/24, 10.61.0.0/16---ExpressRoute----------None
`
`You have an Azure subscription that contains an Azure virtual WAN named VWAN1 and a virtual network named VNet1. VWAN is connected to the on-premises networks and VNet1 in a full mesh topology. The virtual hub routing preference for VWAN1 is AS Path.
`You need to route traffic from VNet1 to 10.61.1.5.
`Which path will be used?
`::
`Branch3 will be preferred because it has a shorter AS Path through ExpressRoute.

- [ ] the VPN connection to Branch1
- [ ] the VPN connection to Branch2
- [ ] the ExpressRoute connection to Branch2
- [x] the ExpressRoute connection to Branch3



#### 010.019::
`Introductory Info
`Case Study -
`This is a case study. Case studies are not timed separately. You can use as much exam time as you would like to complete each case. However, there may be additional case studies and sections on this exam. You must manage your time to ensure that you are able to complete all questions included on this exam in the time provided.
`To answer the questions included in a case study, you will need to reference information that is provided in the case study. Case studies might contain exhibits and other resources that provide more information about the scenario that is described in the case study. Each question is independent of the other questions in this case study.
`At the end of this case study, a review screen will appear. This screen allows you to review your answers and to make changes before you move to the next section of the exam. After you begin a new section, you cannot return to this section.
`
`To start the case study -
`To display the first question in this case study, click the Next button. Use the buttons in the left pane to explore the content of the case study before you answer the questions. Clicking these buttons displays information such as business requirements, existing environment, and problem statements. When you are ready to answer a question, click the Question button to return to the question.
`
`Overview -
`Contoso, Ltd. is a consulting company that has a main office in San Francisco and a branch office in Dallas.
`Contoso recently purchased an Azure subscription and is performing its first pilot project in Azure.
`
`Existing Environment -
`
`Azure Network Infrastructure -
`Contoso has an Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) tenant named contoso.com.
`The Azure subscription contains the virtual networks shown in the following table.
`
``|Name--|Resource-Group|IP-address----|Location---|Peered-with--------|
``|Vnet1-|RG1-----------|10.1.0.0/16---|West-US----|Vnet2,-Vnet3-------|
``|Vnet2-|RG1-----------|172.16.0.0/16-|Central-US-|Vnet1,-Vnet3,-Vnet4|
``|Vnet3-|RG2-----------|192.168.0.0/16|Central-US-|Vnet1,-Vnet2-------|
``|Vnet4-|RG2-----------|10.10.0.0/16--|West-US----|Vnet2--------------|
``|Vnet5-|RG3-----------|10.20.0.0/16--|East-US----|None---------------|
`
`
`Vnet1 contains a virtual network gateway named GW1.
`
`Azure Virtual Machines -
`The Azure subscription contains virtual machines that run Windows Server 2019 as shown in the following table.
`
``|Name--|Location---|Connected-to--------|Network-security-group--(NSG)|
``|VM1---|West-US----|Vnet1/Subnet1-------|NSG1-------------------|
``|VM2---|West-US----|Vnet1/Subnet2-------|NSG2-------------------|
``|VM3---|Central-US-|Vnet2/Default-------|NSG3-------------------|
``|VM4---|Central-US-|Vnet3/Default-------|NSG4-------------------|
``|VM5---|West-US----|Vnet4/SubnetA-------|NSG5-------------------|
`
`
`The NSGs are associated to the network interfaces on the virtual machines. Each NSG has one custom security rule that allows RDP connections from the internet. The firewall on each virtual machine allows ICMP traffic.
`An application security group named ASG1 is associated to the network interface of VM1.
`Azure Network Infrastructure Diagram
`
``Vnet1---<West-US>---------------------
``|----|----Subnet1--------------------
``|----|----|----VM1---NSG1---<West-US>
``|----|----Subnet2--------------------
``|----|----|----VM2---NSG2---<West-US>
``|----|-------------------------------
``Vnet2---<Central-US>-----------------
``|----|----Default--------------------
``|----|----|----VM3---NSG3---<Central-US>
``|----|-------------------------------
``Vnet3---<Central-US>-----------------
``|----|----Default--------------------
``|----|----|----VM4---NSG4---<Central-US>
``|----|-------------------------------
``Vnet4---<West-US>--------------------
``|----|----SubnetA--------------------
``|----|----|----VM5---NSG5---<West-US>
``|----|-------------------------------
``Vnet5---<East-US>--------------------
``|
`
`
`Azure Private DNS Zones -
`The Azure subscription contains the Azure private DNS zones shown in the following table.
`
``|Name---------------|Location----|
``|zone1.contoso.com--|Central-US--|
``|zone2.contoso.com--|West-US-----|
`
`
`Zone1.contoso.com has the virtual network links shown in the following table.
`
``|Name--------------|Virtual-Network-|Auto-registration|
``|Link1-------------|Vnet2-----------|No---------------|
``|Link2-------------|Vnet3-----------|Yes--------------|
`
`
`Other Azure Resources -
`The Azure subscription contains additional resources as shown in the following table.
`
``|Name-------|Type----------------------|Location-----|
``|DB1--------|Azure-SQL-Database-------|West-US------|
``|storage1---|Azure-Storage-account----|West-US------|
``|Registry1--|Azure-Container-Registry-|Central-US---|
``|KeyVault1--|Azure-Key-Vault----------|Central-US---|
`
`
`Requirements -
`
`Virtual Network Requirements -
`Contoso has the following virtual network requirements:
`Create a virtual network named Vnet6 in West US that will contain the following resources and configurations:
`- Two container groups that connect to Vnet6
`- Three virtual machines that connect to Vnet6
`- Allow VPN connections to be established to Vnet6
`- Allow the resources in Vnet6 to access KeyVault1, DB1, and Vnet1 over the Microsoft backbone network.
`The virtual machines in Vnet4 and Vnet5 must be able to communicate over the Microsoft backbone network.
`A virtual machine named VM-Analyze will be deployed to Subnet1. VM-Analyze must inspect the outbound network traffic from Subnet2 to the internet.
`
`Network Security Requirements -
`Contoso has the following network security requirements:
`Configure Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) authentication for Point-to-Site (P2S) VPN users.
`Enable NSG flow logs for NSG3 and NSG4.
`Create an NSG named NSG10 that will be associated to Vnet1/Subnet1 and will have the custom inbound security rules shown in the following table.
``|Priority---|Port--|Protocol|Source-------|Destination----|Action|
``|500--------|3389--|TCP-----|10.1.0.0/16--|Any------------|Deny---|
``|1000-------|Any---|ICMP----|10.10.0.0/16-|VirtualNetwork-|Deny---|
`
`
`Create an NSG named NSG11 that will be associated to Vnet1/Subnet2 and will have the custom outbound security rules shown in the following table.
`
``|Priority---|Port--|Protocol|Source--------|Destination------|Action|
``|200--------|3389--|TCP-----|10.1.0.0/16---|VirtualNetwork---|Deny---|
`
`Question
What is the minimum number of subnets and service endpoints you should create? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.

- [ ] Subnets: 0
- [ ] Subnets: 1
- [x] Subnets: 2
- [ ] Subnets: 3
- [ ] Subnets: 4
- [ ] Service endpoints: 0
- [ ] Service endpoints: 1
- [x] Service endpoints: 2
- [ ] Service endpoints: 3
- [ ] Service endpoints: 4


#### 001::
`You have an Azure subscription that contains a virtual network named VNet1.
`You deploy several web apps and configure the apps to use private endpoints on VNet1.
`You need to identify which DNS records the web apps registered automatically.
`Where will the records be created? ::
- [ ] an Azure DNS zone named privatelink.azurewebsites.net
- [ ] an Azure Private DNS zone named azurewebsites.net
- [x] an Azure Private DNS zone named privatelink.azurewebsites.net
- [ ] an Azure DNS zone named azurewebsites.net



#### page019;chatbotgenerated::
`You have an Azure subscription that contains a storage account named st1 in the East US Azure region.
`
`You have the virtual networks shown in the following table.
`
`Name ----| Location --| IP address space
`Vnet1 ---| UK West ---| 10.1.0.0/16
`Vnet2 ---| East US ---| 10.2.0.0/16
`Vnet3 ---| West US ---| 10.3.0.0/16
`
`You have the subnets shown in the following table.
`
`Name ---------| Virtual network -| IP address range -| Subnet resources
`Subnet1-1 ----| Vnet1 -----------| 10.1.1.0/24 -------| Five virtual machines that each has one private IP address 
`Subnet2-1 ----| Vnet2 -----------| 10.2.1.0/25 -------| Five virtual machines that each has one private IP address 
`Subnet3-1 ----| Vnet3 -----------| 10.3.1.0/26 -------| Five virtual machines that each has one private IP address
`
`For each of the following statements, select Yes if the statement is true. Otherwise, select No.
`
`NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one point.
`
- [ ] You can deploy Azure Bastion to Subnet1-1. : Yes 
- [x] You can deploy Azure Bastion to Subnet1-1. : No 
- [x] You can deploy 100 additional virtual machines to Subnet2-1. : Yes 
- [ ] You can deploy 100 additional virtual machines to Subnet2-1. : No 
- [ ] You can change the IP address range of Subnet3-1 to 10.3.1.0/16. : Yes 
- [x] You can change the IP address range of Subnet3-1 to 10.3.1.0/16. : No 




#### page007;chatbotgenerated::
`You are planning the IP addressing for the subnets in Azure virtual networks.
`
`Which type of resource requires IP addresses in the subnets?

- [ ] storage account
- [x] internal load balancers
- [ ] service endpoints
- [ ] service endpoint policies


#### p20::
`You have the Azure virtual networks shown in the following table.
`
`|Name------|---Subnet------------|Subnet address space | Peered with
`|----------|---------------------|-----------------|-----------------
`|Vnet1-----|-Subnet1-1 ----------|10.1.1.0/24------|----Vnet3
`|Vnet2-----|-Subnet2-1 ----------|10.2.1.0/24------|----Vnet3
`|Vnet3-----|-AzureFirewallSubnet-|10.1.1.0/24------|----Vnet1, Vnet2
`
`
`You deploy Azure Firewall to Vnet3.
`
`You need to ensure that the traffic from Subnet1-1 to Subnet2-1 passes through the firewall.
`
`What should you configure?
`::
`use RT to point to FW as next hope with CIDR 0.0.0.0/0
`   
`B. a route table associated to Subnet1-1 and Subnet2-1
`
`1. You have to create a route table first
`2. Next you create the route in the table like this
`Route name: toFW
`Destination type: IP Addresses
`Destination IP addresses/CIDR ranges: 0.0.0.0/0
`Next hop type: Virtual appliance
`Next hop address: Firewall IP
`3. Go to Subnets
`Select the Vnet
`Associate Subnet1-1 and Subnet2-1



- [ ] peering links between Vnet1 and Vnet2
- [x] a route table associated to Subnet1-1 and Subnet2-1
- [ ] an Azure private DNS zone
- [ ] a route table associated to AzureFirewallSubnet

#### page006;chatbotgenerated::
`You plan to implement an Azure virtual network that will contain 10 virtual subnets. The subnets will use IPv6 addresses. Each subnet will host up to 200 load-balanced virtual machines.
`
`You need to recommend which subnet mask size to use for the virtual subnets.
`
`What should you recommend?
`::
`A /64 subnet mask provides an enormous address space of 2^64 addresses, which is far more than enough to accommodate the required number of virtual machines in each subnet (up to 200).
`Using a /64 subnet mask aligns with standard IPv6 practices and ensures compatibility with various IPv6 features and functionalities.
`;
`Standard Practice: The standard and best practice for IPv6 subnets is to use a /64 prefix. This is recommended by the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) and is widely adopted in networking.

- [x] /64
- [ ] /120
- [ ] /48
- [ ] /24


#### 001::
`You have two on-premises datacenters.
`You have an Azure subscription that contains four virtual networks named VNet1, VNet2, VNet3, and VNet4.
`You create an Azure virtual WAN named VWAN1. VWAN1 contains a single virtual hub that is connected to both on-premises datacenters and all the virtual networks in a full mesh topology.
`You create a route table named RT1.
`You need to configure VWAN1 to meet the following requirements:
`- Connectivity between VNet1 and VNet2 and both on-premises datacenters must be allowed.
`- Connectivity between VNet3 and VNet4 and both on-premises datacenters must be allowed.
`- VNet1 and VNet2 must be isolated from VNet3 and VNet4.
`How should you configure routing for VNet1 and VNet2 and for both on-premises datacenters? To answer, drag the appropriate route tables and route table propagation to the correct requirements. Each route table and route table propagation may be used once, more than once, or not at all. You may need to drag the split bar between panes or scroll to view content.
`NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one point. ::

- [ ] VNet1 and VNet2: Associated route table: Default; Propagating to route tables: RT1 and Default
- [ ] VNet1 and VNet2: Associated route table: Default; Propagating to route tables: RT1
- [x] VNet1 and VNet2: Associated route table: RT1; Propagating to route tables: Default
- [ ] VNet1 and VNet2: Associated route table: RT1; Propagating to route tables: RT1 and Default
- [x] On-premises datacenters: Associated route table: Default; Propagating to route tables: RT1 and Default
- [ ] On-premises datacenters: Associated route table: Default; Propagating to route tables: RT1
- [ ] On-premises datacenters: Associated route table: RT1; Propagating to route tables: Default
- [ ] On-premises datacenters: Associated route table: RT1; Propagating to route tables: RT1 and Default




#### page014;chatbotgenerated::
`You are planning the IP addressing for the subnets in Azure virtual networks.
`
`Which type of resource requires IP addresses in the subnets?

- [x] internal load balancers
- [ ] Azure DDoS Protection for virtual networks
- [ ] service endpoint policies
- [ ] service endpoints



#### 065::
`You have an Azure subscription that contains an Azure key vault named Vault1 and an app registration for an Azure AD app named App1.
`You have a DNS domain named contoso.com that is hosted by a third-party DNS provider.
`You plan to deploy App1 by using Azure App Service. App1 will have the following configurations:
`- App1 will be hosted across five App Service apps.
`- Users will access App1 by using a URL of https://app1.contoso.com.
`- The user traffic of App1 will be managed by using Azure Front Door.
`- The traffic between Front Door and the App Service apps will be sent by using HTTP.
`- App1 will be secured by using an SSL certificate from a third-party certificate authority (CA).
`You need to support the Front Door deployment.
`Which two DNS records should you create, and to where should you import the SSL certificate for App1? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.
`NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one point. 
`::
`TXT Record: Verifies ownership of the contoso.com domain for Azure Front Door.
- [x] DNS records: A CNAME record and a TXT record
- [ ] DNS records: An A record and a SRV record
- [ ] DNS records: A record and a CNAME record
- [ ] DNS records: A TXT record and a SRV record
- [ ] Import the certificate to: The app registration for App1
- [x] Import the certificate to: The App Service apps
- [ ] Import the certificate to: Vault1



#### page004;chatbotgenerated::
`You have an Azure subscription that contains a virtual network named VNet1. VNet1 has a subnet mask of /24.
`
`You plan to implement an Azure application gateway that will have the following configurations:
`
`• Public endpoints: 1
`• Private endpoints: 1
`• Minimum instances: 1
`• Maximum instances: 10
`
`You need to configure the address space for the subnet of the application gateway. The solution must minimize the number of IP addresses allocated to the application gateway subnet.
`What is the minimum number of assignable IP addresses required?

- [ ] 1
- [ ] 2
- [x] 11
- [ ] 12
- [ ] 20


#### 065::
`You have an on-premises network containing a server named DNS1 that runs Windows Server 2022 and has the DNS server role with an IP address of 10.1.0.1. The network contains computers that use DNS1 for name resolution.
`You have an Azure subscription that contains the following resources:
`- Azure Private DNS zone named private.fabrikam.com linked to Vnet1
`- Vnet1: Virtual network with no specific configuration noted
`- SQL1: Azure SQL Database with a private endpoint in Vnet1 that is registered in the private.fabrikam.com DNS zone
`- DNS2: Server that runs Windows Server 2022, has the DNS server role and an IP address of 10.100.0.1
`The on-premises network connects to Vnet1 using a Site-to-Site VPN.
`You need to ensure that the computers on the on-premises network can resolve the IP address for sql1.private.fabrikam.com.
`What should you do on DNS1 and DNS2? To answer, drag the appropriate actions to the correct servers. Each action may be used once, more than once, or not at all. You may need to drag the split bar between panes or scroll to view content.


- [x] DNS1: Configure forwarding to 10.100.0.1.
- [ ] DNS1: Configure forwarding to 10.1.0.1.
- [ ] DNS1: Configure forwarding to 168.63.129.16.
- [ ] DNS1: Create a secondary zone for private.fabrikam.com.
- [ ] DNS1: Create a stub zone for private.fabrikam.com.
- [ ] DNS2: Configure forwarding to 10.1.0.1.
- [ ] DNS2: Configure forwarding to 10.100.0.1.
- [ ] DNS2: Configure forwarding to 168.63.129.16.
- [ ] DNS2: Create a secondary zone for private.fabrikam.com.
- [x] DNS2: Create a stub zone for private.fabrikam.com.



#### 066::
`You have an Azure subscription that contains the resources shown in the following table:
`- Gateway1 -- NAT gateway -- Unconfigured
`- NIC1 -- Network interface -- A network interface with a statically assigned public IP address named PIP1
`- PIP1 -- Public IP address -- A Basic SKU public IP address
`- VNet1 -- Virtual network -- Contains a subnet named Subnet1
`- Subnet1 -- Virtual subnet -- Part of VNet1
`- VM1 -- Virtual machine -- Connected to Subnet1 via NIC1
`You need to associate Gateway1 with Subnet1. The solution must minimize downtime on VM1.
`Which three actions should you perform in sequence? To answer, move the appropriate actions from the list of actions to the answer area and arrange them in the correct order. 
`::
`so delete key, update key type, and 3 update serure
- [0] Disassociate PIP1 from NIC1.
- [1] Change the PIP1 SKU to Standard.
- [2] Associate PIP1 to NIC1.
- [ ] Change Assignment to Dynamic for PIP1.
- [ ] Shutdown VM1.
- [ ] Start VM1.




#### 069::
`Your on-premises network contains the subnets shown in the following table.
`
`Name--------|IPv4 network address
`Subnet1-----|192.168.10.0/24
`Subnet2-----|192.168.20.0/24
`
`The network contains a firewall named FW1 that uses a public IP address of 131.107.100.200.
`
`You have an Azure subscription that contains the resources shown in the following table.
`
`Name-----------|Type-------------------|Description
`VNet1----------|Virtual network--------|Uses an address space of 10.1.0.0/16
`GW1------------|Virtual network gateway|Uses a public IP address of 20.231.231.174
`---------------|-----------------------|Uses a private IP address of 10.1.255.10
`GatewaySubnet--|Subnet-----------------|Uses an address space of 10.1.255.0/27
`LNG1-----------|Local network gateway--|None
`
`You plan to configure a Site-to-Site (S2S) VPN named VPN1 that will connect GW1 to FW1.
`
`You need to configure LNG1 to support VPN1. The solution must meet the following requirements:
`
`• Ensure that the resources on Subnet1 and Subnet2 can communicate with the resources on VNet1.
`• Minimize administrative effort.
`
`How should you configure LNG1? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.
`
`NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one point::
`
`- [ ] Address space: 10.1.0.0/16
`- [ ] Address space: 10.1.255.0/27
`- [ ] Address space: 192.168.10.0/23
`- [x] Address space: 192.168.10.0/24 and 192.168.20.0/24
`
`- [ ] IP address: 10.1.0.1
`- [ ] IP address: 10.1.255.10
`- [ ] IP address: 20.231.231.174
`- [x] IP address: 131.107.100.200



#### 010.007::
`Introductory Info
`Case Study -
`This is a case study. Case studies are not timed separately. You can use as much exam time as you would like to complete each case. However, there may be additional case studies and sections on this exam. You must manage your time to ensure that you are able to complete all questions included on this exam in the time provided.
`To answer the questions included in a case study, you will need to reference information that is provided in the case study. Case studies might contain exhibits and other resources that provide more information about the scenario that is described in the case study. Each question is independent of the other questions in this case study.
`At the end of this case study, a review screen will appear. This screen allows you to review your answers and to make changes before you move to the next section of the exam. After you begin a new section, you cannot return to this section.
`
`To start the case study -
`To display the first question in this case study, click the Next button. Use the buttons in the left pane to explore the content of the case study before you answer the questions. Clicking these buttons displays information such as business requirements, existing environment, and problem statements. When you are ready to answer a question, click the Question button to return to the question.
`
`Overview -
`Contoso, Ltd. is a consulting company that has a main office in San Francisco and a branch office in Dallas.
`Contoso recently purchased an Azure subscription and is performing its first pilot project in Azure.
`
`Existing Environment -
`
`Azure Network Infrastructure -
`Contoso has an Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) tenant named contoso.com.
`The Azure subscription contains the virtual networks shown in the following table.
`
``|Name--|Resource-Group|IP-address----|Location---|Peered-with--------|
``|Vnet1-|RG1-----------|10.1.0.0/16---|West-US----|Vnet2,-Vnet3-------|
``|Vnet2-|RG1-----------|172.16.0.0/16-|Central-US-|Vnet1,-Vnet3,-Vnet4|
``|Vnet3-|RG2-----------|192.168.0.0/16|Central-US-|Vnet1,-Vnet2-------|
``|Vnet4-|RG2-----------|10.10.0.0/16--|West-US----|Vnet2--------------|
``|Vnet5-|RG3-----------|10.20.0.0/16--|East-US----|None---------------|
`
`
`Vnet1 contains a virtual network gateway named GW1.
`
`Azure Virtual Machines -
`The Azure subscription contains virtual machines that run Windows Server 2019 as shown in the following table.
`
``|Name--|Location---|Connected-to--------|Network-security-group--(NSG)|
``|VM1---|West-US----|Vnet1/Subnet1-------|NSG1-------------------|
``|VM2---|West-US----|Vnet1/Subnet2-------|NSG2-------------------|
``|VM3---|Central-US-|Vnet2/Default-------|NSG3-------------------|
``|VM4---|Central-US-|Vnet3/Default-------|NSG4-------------------|
``|VM5---|West-US----|Vnet4/SubnetA-------|NSG5-------------------|
`
`
`The NSGs are associated to the network interfaces on the virtual machines. Each NSG has one custom security rule that allows RDP connections from the internet. The firewall on each virtual machine allows ICMP traffic.
`An application security group named ASG1 is associated to the network interface of VM1.
`Azure Network Infrastructure Diagram
`
``Vnet1---<West-US>---------------------
``|----|----Subnet1--------------------
``|----|----|----VM1---NSG1---<West-US>
``|----|----Subnet2--------------------
``|----|----|----VM2---NSG2---<West-US>
``|----|-------------------------------
``Vnet2---<Central-US>-----------------
``|----|----Default--------------------
``|----|----|----VM3---NSG3---<Central-US>
``|----|-------------------------------
``Vnet3---<Central-US>-----------------
``|----|----Default--------------------
``|----|----|----VM4---NSG4---<Central-US>
``|----|-------------------------------
``Vnet4---<West-US>--------------------
``|----|----SubnetA--------------------
``|----|----|----VM5---NSG5---<West-US>
``|----|-------------------------------
``Vnet5---<East-US>--------------------
``|
`
`
`Azure Private DNS Zones -
`The Azure subscription contains the Azure private DNS zones shown in the following table.
`
``|Name---------------|Location----|
``|zone1.contoso.com--|Central-US--|
``|zone2.contoso.com--|West-US-----|
`
`
`Zone1.contoso.com has the virtual network links shown in the following table.
`
``|Name--------------|Virtual-Network-|Auto-registration|
``|Link1-------------|Vnet2-----------|No---------------|
``|Link2-------------|Vnet3-----------|Yes--------------|
`
`
`Other Azure Resources -
`The Azure subscription contains additional resources as shown in the following table.
`
``|Name-------|Type----------------------|Location-----|
``|DB1--------|Azure-SQL-Database-------|West-US------|
``|storage1---|Azure-Storage-account----|West-US------|
``|Registry1--|Azure-Container-Registry-|Central-US---|
``|KeyVault1--|Azure-Key-Vault----------|Central-US---|
`
`
`Requirements -
`
`Virtual Network Requirements -
`Contoso has the following virtual network requirements:
`Create a virtual network named Vnet6 in West US that will contain the following resources and configurations:
`- Two container groups that connect to Vnet6
`- Three virtual machines that connect to Vnet6
`- Allow VPN connections to be established to Vnet6
`- Allow the resources in Vnet6 to access KeyVault1, DB1, and Vnet1 over the Microsoft backbone network.
`The virtual machines in Vnet4 and Vnet5 must be able to communicate over the Microsoft backbone network.
`A virtual machine named VM-Analyze will be deployed to Subnet1. VM-Analyze must inspect the outbound network traffic from Subnet2 to the internet.
`
`Network Security Requirements -
`Contoso has the following network security requirements:
`Configure Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) authentication for Point-to-Site (P2S) VPN users.
`Enable NSG flow logs for NSG3 and NSG4.
`Create an NSG named NSG10 that will be associated to Vnet1/Subnet1 and will have the custom inbound security rules shown in the following table.
``|Priority---|Port--|Protocol|Source-------|Destination----|Action|
``|500--------|3389--|TCP-----|10.1.0.0/16--|Any------------|Deny---|
``|1000-------|Any---|ICMP----|10.10.0.0/16-|VirtualNetwork-|Deny---|
`
`
`Create an NSG named NSG11 that will be associated to Vnet1/Subnet2 and will have the custom outbound security rules shown in the following table.
`
``|Priority---|Port--|Protocol|Source--------|Destination------|Action|
``|200--------|3389--|TCP-----|10.1.0.0/16---|VirtualNetwork---|Deny---|
`
`Question
`Which virtual machines can VM1 and VM4 ping successfully before NSG10 and NSG11 are created? 
`To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.

- [ ] VM1: VM2 only
- [ ] VM1: VM2 and VM4 only 
- [x] VM1: VM2, VM3, and VM4 only 
- [ ] VM1: VM2, VM3, VM4, and VM5
- [ ] VM4: VM3 only
- [ ] VM4: VM1 and VM3 only
- [x] VM4: VM1, VM2, and VM3 only 
- [ ] VM4: VM1, VM2, VM3, and VM5

