
##   1.4-1°by5_n0-25_pretest


#### 0024, Q24. [78%]::You are developing a solution for a public facing API. 
`The API back end is hosted in an Azure App Service instance. You have implemented a RESTful service for the API back end. 
`You must configure back-end authentication for the API Management service instance. 
`
`Solution: You configure Basic gateway credentials for the Azure resource. 

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### 0025, Q25. [100%]::You are developing a solution for a public facing API. 
`The API back end is hosted in an Azure App Service instance. You have implemented a RESTful service for the API back end. 
`You must configure back-end authentication for the API Management service instance. 
`
`Solution: You configure Client cert gateway credentials for the HTTP(s) endpoint. 

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No

#### 0026, Q26. [100%]::You are developing a solution for a public facing API. 
`The API back end is hosted in an Azure App Service instance. You have implemented a RESTful service for the API back end. 
`You must configure back-end authentication for the API Management service instance. 
`
`Solution: You configure Basic gateway credentials for the HTTP(s) endpoint. 

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No


#### 0027, Q27. ::You are developing a solution for a public facing API. 
`The API back end is hosted in an Azure App Service instance. You have implemented a RESTful service for the API back end. 
`You must configure back-end authentication for the API Management service instance. 
`Solution: You configure Client cert gateway credentials for the Azure resource. 

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No

#### 0028, Q28. [100%]::You are developing a .NET Core MVC application that allows customers to research independent holiday accommodation providers. 
`You want to implement Azure Search to allow the application to search the index by using various criteria to locate documents related to accommodation venues. 
`You want the application to list holiday accommodation venues that fall within a specific price range and are within a specified distance to an airport. 
`What should you do?

- [ ] Configure the SearchMode property of the SearchParameters class.
- [ ] Configure the QueryType property of the SearchParameters class.
- [ ] Configure the Facets property of the SearchParameters class.
- [x] Configure the Filter property of the SearchParameters class.



#### 0029, . [67%]::You are a developer at your company. 
`You need to edit the workflows for an existing Logic App. 
`What should you use?

- [x] the Enterprise Integration Pack (EIP)
- [ ] the Logic App Code View
- [ ] the API Connections
- [ ] the Logic Apps Designer



[//] - 0030_image a faire ?? TODO : [//OK-omg.saved] [??00%]
