## p9_3-3

#### Q381. ::
`A company is using AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM).
`Who can manage the access keys of the AWS account root user?

- [ ] IAM users in the same account that have been granted permission
- [ ] IAM roles in any account that have been granted permission
- [ ] IAM users and roles that have been granted permission
- [x] The AWS account owner

#### Q382. ::
`A company needs a managed NFS file system that the company can use with its AWS compute resources.
`Which AWS service or feature will meet these requirements?

- [ ] Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
- [ ] AWS Storage Gateway Tape Gateway
- [ ] Amazon S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval
- [x] Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)

#### Q383. ::
`What is the security best practice concerning sensitive data stored in Amazon S3?

- [ ] Enable cross-Region replication on the S3 bucket.
- [x] Enable S3 server-side encryption on the S3 bucket.
- [ ] Configure AWS WAF to prevent unauthorized access to the S3 bucket.
- [ ] Configure Amazon GuardDuty to prevent unauthorized access to the S3 bucket.

#### Q384. ::
`An application requires a database that offers consistent performance and latency that can be measured in single-digit milliseconds.
`Which AWS service meets these requirements?

- [x] Amazon DynamoDB
- [ ] Amazon RDS
- [ ] Amazon Redshift
- [ ] Amazon EMR

#### Q385. ::
`A company needs to block SQL injection attacks.
`Which AWS service or feature provides this functionality?

- [x] AWS WAF
- [ ] Network ACLs
- [ ] Security groups
- [ ] AWS Trusted Advisor

#### Q386. ::
`A company wants its Amazon EC2 instances to operate in a highly available environment, even if there is a natural disaster in a particular geographic area.
`Which solution achieves this goal?

- [ ] Use EC2 instances in a single Availability Zone
- [x] Use EC2 instances in multiple AWS Regions
- [ ] Use EC2 instances in multiple edge locations.
- [ ] Use Amazon CloudFront with the EC2 instances configured as the source.

#### Q387. ::
`Treating infrastructure as code in the AWS Cloud allows users to:

- [ ] automate migration of on-premises hardware to AWS data centers.
- [ ] let a third party automate an audit of the AWS infrastructure.
- [ ] turn over application code to AWS so it can run on the AWS infrastructure.
- [x] automate the infrastructure provisioning process.

#### Q388. ::
`A company needs to apply security rules to specific Amazon EC2 instances.
`Which AWS service or feature provides this functionality?

- [ ] AWS WAF
- [ ] Network ACLs
- [ ] Amazon VPC
- [x] Security groups

#### Q389. ::
`A company wants to run Amazon EC2 instances in locations that are near the company’s global users.
`Which aspect of the AWS environment will support this requirement?

- [ ] Availability Zone
- [x] Edge locations
- [ ] AWS Regions
- [ ] Regional edge caches

#### Q390. ::
`A company's project team needs to simultaneously mount a file system on multiple Amazon EC2 Linux instances. The file system also will be shared across multiple Availability Zones.
`Which AWS service will meet these requirements?

- [x] Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)
- [ ] Amazon S3
- [ ] Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
- [ ] Amazon FSx for Windows File Server

#### Q391. ::
`A large retail company wants to use an AWS service to process clickstream data from the company's ecommerce website. The company wants to collect and analyze the streaming data in real time.
`Which AWS service meets these requirements?

- [x] Amazon Kinesis
- [ ] Amazon Athena
- [ ] Amazon CloudFront
- [ ] AWS Data Exchange



#### Q392. ::
`Which pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework focuses on the return on investment of moving into the AWS Cloud?

- [ ] Sustainability
- [x] Cost optimization
- [ ] Operational excellence
- [ ] Reliability


#### Q393. ::
`A company is developing an application that the company will host on Amazon EC2 instances. The application must be available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. The company needs a scalable, highly available cloud architecture to support the application.
`Which guidelines should the company apply in its design to meet these requirements? (Choose two.)

- [ ] Use EC2 Spot Instances
- [x] Use Multi-AZ deployments.
- [x] Use Auto Scaling groups
- [ ] Use AWS Backup.
- [ ] Use EC2 Reserved Instances.


#### Q394. ::
`Which AWS service helps users audit API activity across their AWS account?

- [x] AWS CloudTrail
- [ ] Amazon Inspector
- [ ] AWS WAF
- [ ] AWS Config


#### Q395. ::
`Which AWS service should a company use to create a serverless workflow?

- [ ] Amazon Connect
- [ ] AWS Lambda
- [x] AWS Step Functions
- [ ] Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
- [ ] AWS CodeBuild


#### Q396. ::
`A company wants to build a data analytics application that uses Amazon Redshift. The company needs a cost estimate for its future Amazon Redshift usage.
`Which AWS tool will provide a high-level cost estimation?

- [ ] AWS Budgets
- [x] AWS Pricing Calculator
- [ ] AWS Cost Explorer
- [ ] Saving Plans
