##   clf-c01_p8-2-3

#### Q323. ::
`A company is using an Amazon RDS database to run reports that are input/output (I/O) intensive.
`Which AWS service can be used to improve the database performance?

- [ ] Amazon DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX)
- [ ] Amazon EMR
- [x] Amazon ElastiCache
- [ ] Amazon Redshift

#### Q324. ::
`Which AWS service provides automated backups of data by default?

- [ ] Amazon S3
- [x] Amazon Aurora
- [ ] Amazon ElastiCache for Memcached
- [ ] Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)

#### Q325. ::
`Which AWS service is a fully hosted version control service?

- [x] AWS CodeCommit
- [ ] AWS CodeBuild
- [ ] AWS CodeDeploy
- [ ] AWS CodeStar

#### Q326. ::
`A company is using Amazon RDS.
`Which task is the company's responsibility, according to the AWS shared responsibility model?

- [x] Apply encryption options for the database.
- [ ] Manage the underlying server hardware on which Amazon RDS runs.
- [ ] Apply patches to the underlying operating system.
- [ ] Apply minor patches to the database.

#### Q327. ::
`A company recently created its first AWS account.
`Which AWS services will require the use of a VPC? (Choose two.)

- [ ] Amazon S3
- [x] Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)
- [ ] Amazon Cognito
- [ ] Amazon DynamoDB
- [x] Amazon EC2

#### Q328. ::
`A user has an AWS account with a Business-level AWS Support plan and needs assistance with handling a production service disruption.
`Which action should the user take?

- [ ] Contact the dedicated AWS technical account manager (TAM).
- [ ] Contact the dedicated AWS Concierge Support team.
- [ ] Open a business-critical system down support case.
- [x] Open a production system down support case.

#### Q329. ::
`A company is using Amazon EC2 instances.
`Which tasks are the company's responsibility, according to the AWS shared responsibility model? (Choose two.)

- [ ] Maintain the network infrastructure.
- [x] Patch the guest operating system.
- [x] Configure a security group on deployed EC2 instances.
- [ ] Provide physical security for the underlying hardware of the EC2 instances.
- [ ] Manage the underlying hypervisor.

#### Q330. ::
`Which of the following does Amazon CloudFront use to distribute content to users around the world?

- [ ] Amazon VPC
- [ ] AWS Local Zones
- [x] Edge locations
- [ ] Availability Zones


#### Q331. ::
`Which pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework includes the continual improvement of processes and procedures as a priority?

- [ ] Cost optimization
- [ ] Reliability
- [ ] Performance efficiency
- [x] Operational excellence

#### Q332. ::
`Which of the following consists of one or more isolated data centers in the same regional area that are interconnected through low-latency networks?

- [x] Availability Zone
- [ ] Edge location
- [ ] AWS Region
- [ ] Private networking

#### Q333. ::
`Which AWS service or resource helps on-premises applications connect to AWS Cloud-based storage and caches the data locally for low-latency access?

- [ ] AWS Direct Connect
- [x] AWS Storage Gateway
- [ ] Amazon S3
- [ ] AWS Snowball Edge

#### Q334. ::
`Which AWS service or feature enables users to get one bill and easily track charges for multiple AWS accounts?

- [x] AWS Organizations
- [ ] Cost Explorer
- [ ] AWS Trusted Advisor
- [ ] AWS Management Console

#### Q335. ::
`A company has a global website with static content.
`Which AWS service will deliver the static content with low latency?

- [ ] AWS Lambda
- [x] Amazon CloudFront
- [ ] Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling
- [ ] AWS Compute Optimizer

#### Q336. ::
`Which AWS service provides alerts when an AWS event may impact a company's AWS resources?

- [x] AWS Personal Health Dashboard
- [ ] AWS Service Health Dashboard
- [ ] AWS Trusted Advisor
- [ ] AWS Infrastructure Event Management
