##   clf-c01_p8-1-3

#### Q309::
`Which AWS service should a company use to create a NoSQL database?

- [ ] Amazon Aurora
- [x] Amazon DynamoDB
- [ ] Amazon Redshift
- [ ] Amazon Neptune

#### Q310::
`A company is migrating to the AWS Cloud. The company requires consultative review and guidance for its applications during the migration. After the migration is complete, the company requires a response within 30 minutes if business-critical systems go down.
`Which AWS Support plans meet these requirements? (Choose two.)

- [x] AWS Enterprise Support
- [x] AWS Enterprise On-Ramp Support
- [ ] AWS Developer Support
- [ ] AWS Basic Support
- [ ] AWS Business Support

#### Q311 ::
`A company needs an AWS Support plan that provides programmatic case management through the AWS Support API.
`Which support plan will meet this requirement MOST cost-effectively?

- [x] AWS Business Support
- [ ] AWS Basic Support
- [ ] AWS Developer Support
- [ ] AWS Enterprise Support


#### Q312. :: 
`A company that operates in the AWS Cloud wants to test workloads and team responses to simulated events. The company will conduct an exercise to identify potential issues that need to be addressed.
`Which design principle of the AWS Well-Architected Framework does this exercise represent?

- [x] Anticipate failure.
- [ ] Automatically recover from failure.
- [ ] Measure overall cost efficiency.
- [ ] Implement loosely coupled dependencies.

#### Q313. ::
`Which AWS services provide high availability across multiple Availability Zones by default? (Choose two.)

- [ ] Amazon EC2
- [ ] Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
- [x] Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)
- [ ] Amazon Redshift
- [x] Amazon S3

#### Q314. ::
`A company needs to perform queries and interactively search and analyze log data.
`Which AWS service or feature will meet this requirement?

- [ ] Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events)
- [ ] Amazon CloudWatch anomaly detection
- [x] Amazon CloudWatch Logs Insights
- [ ] Amazon CloudWatch Logs streams

#### Q315. :: 
`A company has an on-premises Oracle database. The company spends a significant amount of time on database administration activities. The company is moving the database to AWS and needs to minimize the time that is required for those administration activities
`Which AWS service should the company use to meet this requirement?

- [ ] Amazon ElastiCache
- [ ] Amazon EC2
- [ ] Amazon RDS
- [x] Amazon DynamoDB

#### Q316. ::
`A company is running an Amazon EC2 instance in a VPC.
`Which of the following can the company use to route and filter incoming network requests for the EC2 instance?

- [ ] Route tables and web application firewalls
- [x] Security groups and route tables
- [ ] Security groups and a network intrusion system
- [ ] Route tables and AWS Shield

#### Q317. ::
`A company plans to migrate its custom marketing application and order-processing application to AWS. The company needs to deploy the applications on different types of instances with various configurations of CPU, memory, storage, and networking capacity.
`Which AWS service should the company use to meet these requirements?

- [ ] AWS Lambda
- [ ] Amazon Cognito
- [ ] Amazon Athena
- [x] Amazon EC2


#### Q318. ::
`A company wants to set up a Domain Name System (DNS) record for its application with a failover routing policy that is based on health checks.
`Which AWS service or resource should the company use to achieve this goal?

- [ ] Amazon Connect
- [ ] Application Load Balancer
- [x] Amazon Route 53
- [ ] AWS WAF

#### Q319. ::
`Which of the following are AWS best practice recommendations for the use of AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)? (Choose two.)

- [ ] Use the AWS account root user tor daily access.
- [x] Use access keys and secret access keys on Amazon EC2.
- [ ] Rotate credentials on a regular basis.
- [ ] Create a shared set of access keys for system administrators.
- [x] Configure multi-factor authentication (MFA).

#### Q320. ::
`A company needs to store code in a version control system. The company also needs to continually deploy updated code through a series of automated steps (build, test, package, and deploy).
`Which combination of AWS services will meet these requirements? (Choose two.)

- [ ] AWS CloudFormation
- [x] AWS CodeCommit
- [ ] AWS Control Tower
- [ ] AWS Elastic Beanstalk
- [x] AWS CodePipoline

#### Q321. ::
`An ecommerce company has deployed a new web application on Amazon EC2 instances. The company wants to distribute incoming HTTP traffic evenly across all running instances.
`Which AWS service or resource will meet this requirement?

- [ ] Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling
- [x] Application Load Balancer
- [ ] Gateway Load Balancer
- [ ] Network Load Balancer


#### Q322. ::
`Which of the following are advantages of moving from on premises to the AWS Cloud? (Choose two.)

- [ ] Trade variable expenses for capital expenses.
- [x] Eliminate costs related to running and maintaining data centers.
- [x] Benefit from massive economies of scale.
- [ ] Eliminate the need to tram IT staff.
- [ ] Gam the ability to reserve capacity for 7 years or more.
