##   p3-v-2_1-3


#### Q89.::
`In which situations should a company create an IAM user instead of an IAM role? (Choose two.)

- [ ] When an application that runs on Amazon EC2 instances requires access to other AWS services
- [x] When the company creates AWS access credentials for individuals
- [ ] When the company creates an application that runs on a mobile phone that makes requests to AWS
- [x] When the company needs to add users to IAM groups
- [ ] When users are authenticated in the corporate network and want to be able to use AWS without having to sign in a second time

#### Q90. ::
`Which AWS services should a company use to read and write data that changes frequently? (Choose two.)

- [ ] Amazon S3 Glacier
- [x] Amazon RDS
- [ ] AWS Snowball
- [ ] Amazon Redshift
- [x] Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)


#### Q91. ::
`Which AWS service is used to provide encryption for Amazon EBS?

- [ ] AWS Certificate Manager
- [ ] AWS Systems Manager
- [x] AWS KMS
- [ ] AWS Config


#### Q92.::
`Which AWS services make use of global edge locations? (Choose two.)

- [ ] AWS Fargate
- [x] Amazon CloudFront
- [x] AWS Global Accelerator
- [ ] AWS Wavelength
- [ ] Amazon VPC

#### Q93. ::
`A company is operating several factories where it builds products. The company needs the ability to process data, store data, and run applications with local system interdependencies that require low latency.
`Which AWS service should the company use to meet these requirements?

- [ ] AWS IoT Greengrass
- [ ] AWS Lambda
- [x] AWS Outposts
- [ ] AWS Snowball Edge


#### Q94. :: 
`Which of the following is a recommended design principle for AWS Cloud architecture?

- [ ] Design tightly coupled components.
- [ ] Build a single application component that can handle all the application functionality.
- [ ] Make large changes on fewer iterations to reduce chances of failure.
- [x] Avoid monolithic architecture by segmenting workloads.

#### Q95. ::
`A company is designing its AWS workloads so that components can be updated regularly and so that changes can be made in small, reversible increments.
`Which pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework does this design support?

- [ ] Security
- [ ] Performance efficiency
- [x] Operational excellence
- [ ] Reliability



#### Q96. ::
`Which of the following acts as an instance-level firewall to control inbound and outbound access?

- [ ] Network access control list
- [x] Security groups
- [ ] AWS Trusted Advisor
- [ ] Virtual private gateways

#### Q97. :: 
`A company has a workload that will run continuously for 1 year. The workload cannot tolerate service interruptions.
`Which Amazon EC2 purchasing option will be MOST cost-effective?

- [x] All Upfront Reserved Instances
- [ ] Partial Upfront Reserved Instances
- [ ] Dedicated Instances
- [ ] On-Demand Instances

#### Q98. ::
`Which AWS service helps protect against DDoS attacks?


- [x] AWS Shield
- [ ] Amazon Inspector
- [ ] Amazon GuardDuty
- [ ] Amazon Detective

#### Q99. ::
`Using AWS Config to record, audit, and evaluate changes to AWS resources to enable traceability is an example of which AWS Well-Architected Framework pillar?

- [x] Security
- [ ] Operational excellence
- [ ] Performance efficiency
- [ ] Cost optimization

#### Q100. ::
`Which AWS tool or feature acts as a VPC firewall at the subnet level?

- [ ] Security group
- [x] Network ACL
- [ ] Traffic Mirroring
- [ ] Internet gateway

#### Q101. ::
`Which AWS service can be used to decouple applications?

- [ ] AWS Config
- [x] Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS)
- [ ] AWS Batch
- [ ] Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES)

#### Q102. ::
`Which disaster recovery option is the LEAST expensive?

- [ ] Warm standby
- [ ] Multisite
- [x] Backup and restore
- [ ] Pilot light
