
##   1°_RAF-1-2

#### 011[50/50]::You need to consider the underlined segment to establish whether it is accurate.
`To compile an Internet Information Services (IIS) web application that runs docker, you should use a Default build agent pool.
`Select "No adjustment required" if the underlined segment is accurate. If the underlined segment is inaccurate, select the accurate option.

- [ ] No adjustment required.
- [x] Hosted Windows Container
- [ ] Hosted
- [ ] Hosted macOS

#### 0012::Your company has an Azure DevOps environment that can only be accessed by Azure Active Directory users.
`You are instructed to make sure that the Azure DevOps environment can only be accessed from devices connected to the company's on-premises network.
`Which of the following actions should you take?

- [ ] Assign the devices to a security group.
- [ ] Create a GPO.
- [ ] Configure Security in Project Settings from Azure DevOps.
- [x] Configure conditional access in Azure Active Directory.

#### 0013::
`You are making use of Azure DevOps to configure Azure Pipelines for project, named PROJ-01.
`You are preparing to use a version control system that allows for source code to be stored on a managed Windows server located on the company network.
`Which of the following is the version control system you should use?

- [x] Github Enterprise
- [ ] Bitbucket cloud
- [ ] Github Professional
- [ ] Git in Azure Repos

#### 0014::You need to consider the underlined segment to establish whether it is accurate.
`When moving to Azure DevOps, JIRA must be replaced with the build pipelines Azure DevOps service.
`Select "No adjustment required" if the underlined segment is accurate. If the underlined segment is inaccurate, select the accurate option.

- [ ] No adjustment required.
- [ ] repos
- [ ] release pipelines
- [x] boards



#### 0015::You scan a Node.js application using WhiteSource Bolt.
`The scan finds numerous libraries with invalid licenses, but are only used during development.
`You have to make sure that only production dependencies are scanned by WhiteSource Bolt.
`Which of the following is a command you should run?

- [ ] npm edit
- [ ] npm publish
- [x] npm install
- [ ] npm update

#### 0016::
`You are currently defining a release strategy for an app, named APP-01.
`The strategy should allow you to keep the time it takes to deploy new releases of the app to a minimum. The strategy should also allow you to roll back in the shortest time required.
`Which of the following is the release strategy you should use?

- [x] Red/Black deployment
- [ ] Rolling deployment
- [ ] ג€Big Bangג€ deployment
- [ ] Canary deployment

#### 0017::
`Your company hosts a web application in Azure, and makes use of Azure Pipelines for managing the build and release of the application.
`When stakeholders report that system performance has been adversely affected by the most recent releases, you configure alerts in Azure Monitor.
`You are informed that new releases must satisfy specified performance baseline conditions in the staging environment before they can be deployed to production.
`You need to make sure that releases not satisfying the performance baseline are prevented from being deployed.
`Which of the following actions should you take?

- [ ] You should make use of a branch control check.
- [ ] You should make use of an alert trigger.
- [x] You should make use of a gate.
- [ ] You should make use of an approval check.

#### 0018::You need to consider the underlined segment to establish whether it is accurate.
`To deploy an application to a number of Azure virtual machines, you should create a universal group.
`Select "No adjustment required" if the underlined segment is accurate. If the underlined segment is inaccurate, select the accurate option.

- [ ] No adjustment required.
- [ ] security
- [x] deployment
- [ ] resource





#### Q20.::You intend to make use of Azure Artifacts to share packages that you wrote, tested, validated, and deployed.
`You want to use a solitary feed to release several builds of each package. You have to make sure that the release of packages that are in development is restricted.
`Which of the following actions should you take?

- [ ] You should make use of static code analysis.
- [x] You should make use of views.
- [ ] You should make use of dynamic code analysis.
- [ ] You should make use of upstream sources.

#### 0021::You need to consider the underlined segment to establish whether it is accurate.
`To find when common open source libraries are added to the code base, you should add Jenkins to the build pipeline.
`Select "No adjustment required" if the underlined segment is accurate. If the underlined segment is inaccurate, select the accurate option.

- [ ] No adjustment required.
- [ ] SourceGear Vault
- [x] WhiteSource
- [ ] OWASP ZAP

