

##   1°_RAF-1-4

#### 0035::You have a Microsoft ASP.NET Core web app in Azure that is accessed worldwide.
`You need to run a URL ping test once every five minutes and create an alert when the web app is unavailable from specific Azure regions. The solution must minimize development time.
`What should you do?

- [ ] Create an Azure Monitor Availability metric and alert.
- [x] Create an Azure Application Insights availability test and alert.
- [ ] Write an Azure function and deploy the function to the specific regions.
- [ ] Create an Azure Service Health alert for the specific regions.


#### 0036::You have a multi-tier application. The front end of the application is hosted in Azure App Service.
`You need to identify the average load times of the application pages.
What should you use?

- [x] Azure Application Insights
- [ ] the activity log of the App Service
- [ ] the diagnostics logs of the App Service
- [ ] Azure Advisor


#### 0038::Your company uses ServiceNow for incident management.
`You develop an application that runs on Azure.
`The company needs to generate a ticket in ServiceNow when the application fails to authenticate.
`Which Azure Log Analytics solution should you use?

- [ ] Application Insights Connector
- [ ] Automation & Control
- [x] IT Service Management Connector (ITSM)
- [ ] Insight & Analytics



#### 0040::You use Azure SQL Database Intelligent Insights and Azure Application Insights for monitoring.
`You need to write ad-hoc queries against the monitoring data.
`Which query language should you use?

- [x] Kusto Query Language (KQL)
- [ ] PL/pgSQL
- [ ] PL/SQL
- [ ] Transact-SQL


#### 0041::
`Your company creates a web application.
`You need to recommend a solution that automatically sends to Microsoft Teams a daily summary of the exceptions that occur in the application.
`Which two Azure services should you recommend? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.

- [x] Azure Logic Apps
- [ ] Azure Pipelines
- [ ] Microsoft Visual Studio App Center
- [ ] Azure DevOps Project
- [x] Azure Application Insights


#### 0043::
`Your company is building a mobile app that targets Android and iOS devices.
`Your team uses Azure DevOps to manage all work items and release cycles.
`You need to recommend a solution to perform the following tasks:
`✑ Collect crash reports for issue analysis.
`✑ Distribute beta releases to your testers.
`✑ Get user feedback on the functionality of new apps.
`What should you include in the recommendation?

- [ ] the Microsoft Test & Feedback extension
- [x] Microsoft Visual Studio App Center integration
- [ ] Azure Application Insights widgets
- [ ] Jenkins integration


#### 0044::
`You have an Azure DevOps project named Project1 and an Azure subscription named Sub1. Sub1 contains an Azure virtual machine scale set named VMSS1.
`VMSS1 hosts a web application named WebApp1. WebApp1 uses stateful sessions.
`The WebApp1 installation is managed by using the Custom Script extension. The script resides in an Azure Storage account named sa1.
`You plan to make a minor change to a UI element of WebApp1 and to gather user feedback about the change.
`You need to implement limited user testing for the new version of WebApp1 on VMSS1.
`Which three actions should you perform? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.

- [ ] Modify the load balancer settings of VMSS1.
- [ ] Redeploy VMSS1.
- [x] Upload a custom script file to sa1.
- [x] Modify the Custom Script extension settings of VMSS1.
- [x] Update the configuration of a virtual machine in VMSS1.


#### 0049::
`You have an Azure web app named Webapp1.
`You need to use an Azure Monitor query to create a report that details the top 10 pages of Webapp1 that failed.
`How should you complete the query? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.

- [ ] No adjustment required.
- [x] Azure Application Insights
- [ ] Azure Log Analytics
- [ ] Azure Advisor


