
##   1°_RAF-1-3

#### 0022::Your company has an Azure DevOps project, which includes a build pipeline that makes use of roughly fifty open source libraries.
`You have been tasked with making sure that you are able to scan project for common security weaknesses in the open source libraries.
`Which of the following actions should you take?

- [x] You should create a build task and use the WhiteSource Bolt service.
- [ ] You should create a deployment task and use the WhiteSource Bolt service.
- [ ] You should create a build task and use the Chef service.
- [ ] You should create a deployment task and use the Chef service.



#### 0023::You need to consider the underlined segment to establish whether it is accurate.
`Black Duck can be used to make sure that all the open source libraries conform to your company's licensing criteria.
`Select "No adjustment required" if the underlined segment is accurate. If the underlined segment is inaccurate, select the accurate option.

- [x] No adjustment required.
- [ ] Maven
- [ ] Bamboo
- [ ] CMAKE



#### 0024::You have created an Azure DevOps project for a new application that will be deployed to a number of Windows Server 2016 Azure virtual machines.
`You are preparing a deployment solution that allows for the virtual machines to maintain a uniform configuration, and also keep administrative effort with regards to configuring the virtual machines to a minimum.
`Which of the following should be part of your solution? (Choose two.)

- [x] Azure Resource Manager templates
- [x] The PowerShell Desired State Configuration (DSC) extension for Windows
- [ ] Azure pipeline deployment groups
- [ ] The Custom Script Extension for Windows
- [ ] Azure pipeline stage templates


#### 0025::Your company has an application that contains a number of Azure App Service web apps and Azure functions.
`You would like to view recommendations with regards to the security of the web apps and functions. You plan to navigate to Compute and Apps to achieve your goal.
`Which of the following should you access to make use of Compute and Apps?

- [ ] Azure Log Analytics
- [ ] Azure Event Hubs
- [ ] Azure Advisor
- [x] Azure Security Center


#### 0026::You need to consider the underlined segment to establish whether it is accurate.
`Your company has a multi-tier application that has its front end hosted in Azure App Service.
`To pinpoint the average load times of the application pages, you should make use of Azure Event Hubs.
`Select "No adjustment required" if the underlined segment is accurate. If the underlined segment is inaccurate, select the accurate option.

- [ ] No adjustment required.
- [x] Azure Application Insights
- [ ] Azure Log Analytics
- [ ] Azure Advisor


#### 0027 ::Your company makes use of Azure SQL Database Intelligent Insights and Azure Application Insights for monitoring purposes.
`You have been tasked with analyzing the monitoring using ad-hoc queries. You need to utilize the correct query language.
`Solution: You use the Contextual Query Language (CQL).
`Does the solution meet the goal?

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### 0028::Your company makes use of Azure SQL Database Intelligent Insights and Azure Application Insights for monitoring purposes.
`You have been tasked with analyzing the monitoring using ad-hoc queries. You need to utilize the correct query language.
`Solution: You use the Transact-SQL.
`Does the solution meet the goal?

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### 0029::Your company makes use of Azure SQL Database Intelligent Insights and Azure Application Insights for monitoring purposes.
`You have been tasked with analyzing the monitoring using ad-hoc queries. You need to utilize the correct query language.
`Solution: You use Azure Log Analytics.
`Does the solution meet the goal?

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No





#### 0031::You are in the process of building a mobile app aimed at Android and iOS devices.
`All work items and release cycles are managed via Azure DevOps.
`You want to make sure that crash reports for issue analysis is collected, and that beta releases are distributed to your testers. Also, you want to ensure that user feedback on the functionality of new apps is received.
`Which of the following must be part of your solution?

- [x] The Microsoft Test & Feedback extension.
- [ ] OWASP ZAP
- [ ] TFS Integration Platform
- [ ] Code Style




#### 0033::You manage an Azure web app that supports an e-commerce website.
`You need to increase the logging level when the web app exceeds normal usage patterns. The solution must minimize administrative overhead.
`Which two resources should you include in the solution? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.

- [x] an Azure Automation runbook
- [x] an Azure Monitor alert that has a dynamic threshold
- [ ] an Azure Monitor alert that has a static threshold
- [ ] the Azure Monitor autoscale settings
- [ ] an Azure Monitor alert that uses an action group that has an email action

