##   2°_1-1


#### 0020::You are monitoring the health and performance of an Azure web app by using Azure Application Insights.
`You need to ensure that an alert is sent when the web app has a sudden rise in performance issues and failures.
`What should you use?

- [ ] custom events
- [ ] Application Insights Profiler
- [ ] usage analysis
- [x] Smart Detection
- [ ] Continuous export


#### 0022::You have a private GitHub repository.
`You need to display the commit status of the repository on Azure Boards.
`What should you do first?

- [ ] Configure multi-factor authentication (MFA) for your GitHub account.
- [ ] Add the Azure Pipelines app to the GitHub repository.
- [x] Add the Azure Boards app to the repository.
- [ ] Create a GitHub action in GitHub.


#### 0023::
`You are integrating Azure Pipelines and Microsoft Teams.
`You install the Azure Pipelines app in Microsoft Teams.
`You have an Azure DevOps organization named Contoso that contains a project name Project1.
`You subscribe to Project1 in Microsoft Teams.
`You need to ensure that you only receive events about failed builds in Microsoft Teams.
`What should you do first?

- [ ] From Microsoft Teams, run @azure pipelines subscribe https://dev.azure.com/Contoso/Project1.
- [ ] From Azure Pipelines, add a Publish Build Artifacts task to Project1.
- [x] From Microsoft Teams, run @azure pipelines subscriptions.
- [ ] From Azure Pipelines, enable continuous integration for Project1.


#### 024 ::
`You have an Azure DevOps organization named Contoso.
`You need to receive Microsoft Teams notifications when work items are updated.
`What should you do?

- [ ] From Azure DevOps, configure a service hook subscription
- [x] From Microsoft Teams, configure a connector
- [ ] From the Microsoft Teams admin center, configure external access
- [ ] From Microsoft Teams, add a channel
- [ ] From Azure DevOps, install an extension

#### 0025::
`You create an alert rule in Azure Monitor as shown in the following exhibit.
` 
`Which action will trigger an alert?

- [x] a failed attempt to delete the ASP-9bb7 resource
- [ ] a change to a role assignment for the ASP-9bb7 resource
- [ ] a successful attempt to delete the ASP-9bb7 resource
- [ ] a failed attempt to scale up the ASP-9bb7 resource

#### 0026::
`You have a web app hosted on Azure App Service. The web app stores data in an Azure SQL database.
`You need to generate an alert when there are 10,000 simultaneous connections to the database. The solution must minimize development effort.
`Which option should you select in the Diagnostics settings of the database?

- [x] Send to Log Analytics
- [ ] Stream to an event hub
- [ ] Archive to a storage account

#### 0028::
`You have an Azure virtual machine that is monitored by using Azure Monitor.
`The virtual machine has the Azure Log Analytics agent installed.
`You plan to deploy the Service Map solution from the Azure Marketplace.
`What should you deploy to the virtual machine to support the Service Map solution?

- [x] the Dependency agent
- [ ] the Telegraf agent
- [ ] the Windows Azure diagnostics extension (WAD)
- [ ] the Azure monitor agent


#### 0030::You build an iOS app.
`You receive crash reports from Crashlytics.
`You need to capture the following data:
`✑ Crash-free users
`✑ Custom events
`✑ Breadcrumbs
`What should you do?

- [ ] Configure the xcworkspace file in the project
- [ ] Add the GoogleAnalytics pod to the app.
- [ ] Configure the Crashlytics pod in the app.
- [x] Import the Firebase module to UIApplicationDelegate.

#### 0031::You have multiple teams that work on multiple projects in Azure DevOps.
`
`You need to plan and manage the consumers and producers for each project. The solution must provide an overview of all the projects.
`
`What should you do?

- [ ] Add a Predecessor or Successor link to the feature or user story for the items of each project.
- [ ] Add a Parent or Child link to the feature or user story for the items of each project.
- [x] Install the Dependency Tracker extension and create dependencies for each project.
- [ ] Create a custom query to show the consumers and producers and add a widget to a dashboard.




#### 0035::
`Your company has multiple microservices-based apps that use the following tracing libraries:
`
`• OpenTelemetry
`• OpenCensus
`• OpenTracing
`• Honeycomb
`• Jaeger
`
`The company purchases an Azure subscription and implements Application Insights in Azure Monitor.
`
`You plan to centralize distributed tracing for the apps.
`
`You need to identify which libraries can integrate directly with Application Insights.
`
`Which two libraries should you identify? Each correct answer presents a complete solution.

- [ ] Honeycomb
- [ ] OpenTracing
- [ ] Jaeger
- [x] OpenTelemtry
- [x] OpenCensus





















