





##   2°_1-3

#### 0048::You are building an ASP.NET Core application.
`You plan to create an application utilization baseline by capturing telemetry data.
`You need to add code to the application to capture the telemetry data. The solution must minimize the costs of storing the telemetry data.
`Which two actions should you perform? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.

- [ ] Add the <InitialSamplingPercentage>99</InitialSamplingPercentage> parameter to the ApplicationInsights.config file.
- [ ] From the code of the application, enable adaptive sampling.
- [x] From the code of the application, add Azure Application Insights telemetry.
- [ ] Add the <MaxTelemetryItemsPerSecond>5</MaxTelemetryItemsPerSecond> parameter to the ApplicationInsights.config file.
- [x] From the code of the application, disable adaptive sampling.



#### 0049 ::
`You have an Azure DevOps organization named Contoso and an Azure subscription. The subscription contains an Azure virtual machine scale set named VMSS1 and an Azure Standard Load Balancer named LB1. LB1 distributes incoming requests across VMSS1 instances.
`You use Azure DevOps to build a web app named App1 and deploy App1 to VMSS1. App1 is accessible via HTTPS only and configured to require mutual authentication by using a client certificate.
`You need to recommend a solution for implementing a health check of App1. The solution must meet the following requirements:
`✑ Identify whether individual instances of VMSS1 are eligible for an upgrade operation.
`✑ Minimize administrative effort.
`What should you include in the recommendation?

- [ ] an Azure Load Balancer health probe 
- [ ] Azure Monitor autoscale
- [ ] the Custom Script Extension
- [x] the Application Health extension



#### 0051::
`You have a build pipeline in Azure Pipelines that occasionally fails.
`You discover that a test measuring the response time of an API endpoint causes the failures.
`You need to prevent the build pipeline from failing due to the test.
`Which two actions should you perform? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.

- [ ] Set Flaky test detection to Off.
- [x] Clear Flaky tests included in test pass percentage.
- [ ] Enable Test Impact Analysis (TIA).
- [x] Manually mark the test as flaky.
- [ ] Enable test slicing.


#### 0052::Your company hosts a web application in Azure. The company uses Azure Pipelines for the build and release management of the application.
`Stakeholders report that the past few releases have negatively affected system performance.
`You configure alerts in Azure Monitor.
`You need to ensure that new releases are only deployed to production if the releases meet defined performance baseline criteria in the staging environment first.
`What should you use to prevent the deployment of releases that fall to meet the performance baseline?

- [ ] an Azure Scheduler job
- [ ] a trigger
- [x] a gate
- [ ] an Azure function


#### 0053::
`You manage a project in Azure DevOps.
`You need to prevent the configuration of the project from changing over time.
`Solution: Perform a Subscription Health scan when packages are created.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### 0054::Your company uses the following resources:
`✑ Windows Server 2019 container images hosted in an Azure Container Registry.
`✑ Azure virtual machines that run the latest version of Ubuntu
`✑ An Azure Log Analytics workspace
`✑ Azure Active Directory (Azure AD)
`✑ An Azure key vault
`For which two resources can you receive vulnerability assessments in Azure Security Center?

- [ ] the Azure Log Analytics workspace
- [ ] the Azure key vault
- [x] the Azure virtual machines that run the latest version of Ubuntu
- [ ] Azure Active Directory (Azure AD)
- [x] The Windows Server 2019 container images hosted in the Azure Container Registry.


#### 0055::You use Azure Pipelines to manage build pipelines, GitHub to store source code, and Dependabot to manage dependencies.
`You have an app named App1.
`Dependabot detects a dependency in App1 that requires an update.
`What should you do first to apply the update?

- [ ] Create a pull request.
- [x] Approve the pull request.
- [ ] Create a branch.
- [ ] Perform a commit.


#### 0056::You manage a project in Azure DevOps.
`You need to prevent the configuration of the project from changing over time.
`Solution: Add a code coverage step to the build pipelines.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No



#### 0057::You manage a project in Azure DevOps.
`You need to prevent the configuration of the project from changing over time.
`Solution: Implement Continuous Integration for the project.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No



#### 0058::You manage a project in Azure DevOps.
`You need to prevent the configuration of the project from changing over time.
`Solution: Implement Continuous Assurance for the project.

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No



















