

##   2°_1-4


#### 0059::You are designing a configuration management solution to support five apps hosted on Azure App Service. Each app is available in the following three environments: development, test, and production.
`You need to recommend a configuration management solution that meets the following requirements:
`✑ Supports feature flags
`✑ Tracks configuration changes from the past 30 days
`✑ Stores hierarchically structured configuration values
`✑ Controls access to the configurations by using role-based access control (RBAC) permissions
`✑ Stores shared values as key/value pairs that can be used by all the apps
`Which Azure service should you recommend as the configuration management solution?

- [ ] Azure Cosmos DB
- [ ] Azure App Service
- [x] Azure App Configuration
- [ ] Azure Key Vault


#### 0060::
`You have a containerized solution that runs in Azure Container Instances. The solution contains a frontend container named App1 and a backend container named DB1. DB1 loads a large amount of data during startup.
`You need to verify that DB1 can handle incoming requests before users can submit requests to App1.
`What should you configure?

- [ ] a liveness probe
- [ ] a performance log
- [x] a readiness probe
- [ ] an Azure Load Balancer health probe


#### 0061::
`You are designing a strategy to monitor the baseline metrics of Azure virtual machines that run Windows Server.
`You need to collect detailed data about the processes running in the guest operating system.
`Which two agents should you deploy? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.

- [ ] the Telegraf agent
- [x] the Azure Log Analytics agent
- [ ] the Azure Network Watcher Agent for Windows
- [x] the Dependency agent


#### 0063::
`You have an Azure DevOps organization named Contoso and an Azure subscription. The subscription contains an Azure virtual machine scale set named VMSS1 that is configured for autoscaling.
`You have a project in Azure DevOps named Project1. Project1 is used to build a web app named App1 and deploy App1 to VMSS1.
`You need to ensure that an email alert is generated whenever VMSS1 scales in or out.
`Solution: From Azure DevOps, configure the Notifications settings for Project1.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### 0064::
`You have an Azure DevOps organization named Contoso and an Azure subscription. The subscription contains an Azure virtual machine scale set named VMSS1 that is configured for autoscaling.
`You have a project in Azure DevOps named Project1. Project1 is used to build a web app named App1 and deploy App1 to VMSS1.
`You need to ensure that an email alert is generated whenever VMSS1 scales in or out.
`Solution: From Azure DevOps, configure the Service hooks settings for Project1.


- [ ] Yes
- [x] No



#### 0065::
`You have an Azure DevOps organization named Contoso and an Azure subscription. The subscription contains an Azure virtual machine scale set named VMSS1 that is configured for autoscaling.
`You have a project in Azure DevOps named Project1. Project1 is used to build a web app named App1 and deploy App1 to VMSS1.
`You need to ensure that an email alert is generated whenever VMSS1 scales in or out.
`Solution: From Azure Monitor, create an action group.

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No






#### 0068::
`You have several Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) accounts.
`You need to ensure that users use multi-factor authentication (MFA) to access Azure apps from untrusted networks.
`What should you configure in Azure AD?

- [ ] access reviews
- [ ] managed identities
- [ ] entitlement management
- [x] conditional access


#### 0069::
`You plan to provision a self-hosted Linux agent.
`Which authentication mechanism should you use to register the self-hosted agent?

- [x] personal access token (PAT)
- [ ] SSH key
- [ ] Alternate credentials
- [ ] certificate


