




##   2°_1-2

#### 0035.2?::
`You have an Azure web app named webapp1 that uses the .NET Core runtime stack. You have an Azure Application Insights resource named AppInsights1. Webapp1 sends telemetry data to AppInsights1.
`
`You need to ensure that webapp1 sends the telemetry data at a fixed sampling rate.
`
`What should you do?

- [ ] From the code repository of webapp1, modify the ApplicationInsights.config file.
- [x] From the code repository of webapp1, modify the Startup.cs file.
- [ ] From AppInsights1, modify the Usage and estimated costs settings.
- [ ] From AppInsights1, configure the Continuous export settings.


#### 0037::You have an Azure subscription that contains multiple Azure services.
`You need to send an SMS alert when scheduled maintenance is planned for the Azure services.
`Which two actions should you perform? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.

- [ ] Enable Azure Security Center.
- [ ] Create and configure an Azure Monitor alert rule.
- [x] Create an Azure Service Health alert.
- [x] Create and configure an action group.


#### 0038::
`You have an Azure DevOps organization named Contoso and an Azure subscription. The subscription contains an Azure virtual machine scale set named VMSS1 that is configured for autoscaling.
`You have a project in Azure DevOps named Project1. Project1 is used to build a web app named App1 and deploy App1 to VMSS1.
`You need to ensure that an email alert is generated whenever VMSS1 scales in or out.
`Solution: From Azure Monitor, configure the autoscale settings.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### Q39::You configure Azure Application Insights and the shared service plan tier for a web app.
`You enable Smart Detection.
`You confirm that standard metrics are visible in the logs, but when you test a failure, you do not receive a Smart Detection notification.
`What prevents the Smart Detection notification from being sent?

- [ ] You must enable the Snapshot Debugger for the web app.
- [x] Smart Detection uses the first 24 hours to establish the normal behavior of the web app.
- [ ] The web app is configured to use the shared service plan tier.
- [ ] You must restart the web app before Smart Detection is enabled.


#### 0041::You configure an Azure Application Insights availability test.
`You need to notify the customer services department at your company by email when availability is degraded.
`You create an Azure logic app that will handle the email and follow up actions.
`Which type of trigger should you use to invoke the logic app?

- [ ] an HTTPWebhook trigger
- [ ] an HTTP trigger
- [x] a Request trigger
- [ ] an ApiConnection trigger



#### 0042::You have an Azure DevOps organization named Contoso and an Azure subscription.
`You use Azure DevOps to build a containerized app named App1 and deploy App1 to an Azure container instance named ACI1.
`You need to restart ACI1 when App1 stops responding.
`What should you do?

- [x] Add a liveness probe to the YAML configuration of App1.
- [ ] Add a readiness probe to the YAML configuration of App1.
- [ ] Use Connection Monitor in Azure Network Watcher.
- [ ] Use IP flow verify in Azure Network Watcher.



#### 0043::You have a multi-tier application that has an Azure Web Apps front end and an Azure SQL Database back end.
`You need to recommend a solution to capture and store telemetry data. The solution must meet the following requirements:
`✑ Support using ad-hoc queries to identify baselines.
`✑ Trigger alerts when metrics in the baseline are exceeded.
`✑ Store application and database metrics in a central location.
`What should you include in the recommendation?

- [ ] Azure Event Hubs
- [ ] Azure SQL Database Intelligent Insights
- [ ] Azure Application Insights
- [x] Azure Log Analytics


#### 0044::You have an Azure DevOps organization named Contoso and an Azure subscription. The subscription contains an Azure virtual machine scale set named VMSS1 that is configured for autoscaling.
`You use Azure DevOps to build a web app named App1 and deploy App1 to VMSS1. App1 is used heavily and has usage patterns that vary on a weekly basis.
`You need to recommend a solution to detect an abnormal rise in the rate of failed requests to App1. The solution must minimize administrative effort.
`What should you include in the recommendation?

- [x] the Smart Detection feature in Azure Application Insights
- [ ] the Failures feature in Azure Application Insights
- [ ] an Azure Service Health alert
- [ ] an Azure Monitor alert that uses an Azure Log Analytics query

#### 0046 ::You have an Azure subscription that contains resources in several resource groups.
`You need to design a monitoring strategy that will provide a consolidated view. The solution must support the following requirements:
`✑ Support role-based access control (RBAC) by using Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) identifies.
`✑ Include visuals from Azure Monitor that are generated by using the Kusto query language.
`✑ Support documentation written in markdown.
`✑ Use the latest data available for each visual.
`What should you use to create the consolidated view?

- [ ] Azure Monitor
- [ ] Microsoft Power BI
- [ ] Azure Data Explorer
- [x] Azure dashboards

#### 0047::You are automating the testing process for your company.
`You need to automate UI testing of a web application.
`Which framework should you use?

- [ ] JaCoco
- [x] Selenium
- [ ] Xamarin.UITest
- [ ] Microsoft.CodeAnalysis




































