##   3°_1-3


#### 00101::You are building a Microsoft ASP.NET application that requires authentication.
`You need to authenticate users by using Azure Active Directory (Azure AD).
`What should you do first?

- [ ] Assign an enterprise application to users and groups
- [x] Create an app registration in Azure AD
- [ ] Configure the application to use a SAML endpoint
- [ ] Create a new OAuth token from the application
- [ ] Create a membership database in an Azure SQL database

#### 00102::You have an Azure DevOps organization named Contoso.
`You need to recommend an authentication mechanism that meets the following requirements:
`✑ Supports authentication from Git
`✑ Minimizes the need to provide credentials during authentication
`What should you recommend?

- [x] personal access tokens (PATs) in Azure DevOps
- [ ] Alternate credentials in Azure DevOps
- [ ] user accounts in Azure Active Directory (Azure AD)
- [ ] managed identities in Azure Active Directory (Azure AD)

#### 00103::You have an application that consists of several Azure App Service web apps and Azure functions.
`You need to assess the security of the web apps and the functions.
`Which Azure feature can you use to provide a recommendation for the security of the application?

- [ ] Security & Compliance in Azure Log Analytics
- [ ] Resource health in Azure Service Health
- [ ] Smart Detection in Azure Application Insights
- [x] Compute & apps in Azure Security Center


#### 00104::
`Your company has a project in Azure DevOps for a new web application.
`The company identifies security as one of the highest priorities.
`You need to recommend a solution to minimize the likelihood that infrastructure credentials will be leaked.
`What should you recommend?

- [ ] Add a Run Inline Azure PowerShell task to the pipeline.
- [ ] Add a PowerShell task to the pipeline and run Set-AzureKeyVaultSecret.
- [ ] Add an Azure Key Vault task to the pipeline.
- [x] Add Azure Key Vault references to Azure Resource Manger templates.



#### 00106::
`You create a Microsoft ASP.NET Core application.
`You plan to use Azure Key Vault to provide secrets to the application as configuration data.
`You need to create a Key Vault access policy to assign secret permissions to the application. The solution must use the principle of least privilege.
`Which secret permissions should you use?

- [ ] List only
- [x] Get only
- [ ] Get and List



#### 00109::
`You have a branch policy in a project in Azure DevOps. The policy requires that code always builds successfully.
`You need to ensure that a specific user can always merge changes to the master branch, even if the code fails to compile. The solution must use the principle of least privilege.
`What should you do?

- [ ] Add the user to the Build Administrators group.
- [ ] Add the user to the Project Administrators group.
- [ ] From the Security settings of the repository, modify the access control for the user.
- [x] From the Security settings of the branch, modify the access control for the user.

#### 0110::
`You have an Azure Resource Manager template that deploys a multi-tier application.
`You need to prevent the user who performs the deployment from viewing the account credentials and connection strings used by the application.
`What should you use?

- [x] Azure Key Vault
- [ ] a Web.config file
- [ ] an Appsettings.json file
- [ ] an Azure Storage table
- [ ] an Azure Resource Manager parameter file


#### 00115::
`You are deploying a server application that will run on a Server Core installation of Windows Server 2019.
`You create an Azure key vault and a secret.
`You need to use the key vault to secure API secrets for third-party integrations.
`Which three actions should you perform? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.

- [ ] Configure RBAC for the key vault.
- [x] Modify the application to access the key vault.
- [x] Configure a Key Vault access policy.
- [ ] Deploy an Azure Desired State Configuration (DSC) extension.
- [x] Deploy a virtual machine that uses a system-assigned managed identity.

#### 00117::
`You have an Azure DevOps organization named Contoso that contains a project named Project1.
`You provision an Azure key vault named Keyvault1.
`You need to reference Keyvault1 secrets in a build pipeline of Project1.
`What should you do first?

- [ ] Add a secure file to Project1.
- [ ] Create an XAML build service.
- [x] Create a variable group in Project1.
- [ ] Configure the security policy of Contoso.

#### 00118::Your company uses Azure DevOps.
`Only users who have accounts in Azure Active Directory can access the Azure DevOps environment.
`You need to ensure that only devices that are connected to the on-premises network can access the Azure DevOps environment.
`What should you do?

- [ ] Assign the Stakeholder access level to all users.
- [ ] In Azure Active Directory, configure risky sign-ins.
- [ ] In Azure DevOps, configure Security in Project Settings.
- [x] In Azure Active Directory, configure conditional access.
























##   3°_2-3


#### 00119::
`You have the following Azure policy.
`
`You assign the policy to the Tenant root group.
`What is the effect of the policy?

- [ ] prevents all HTTP traffic to existing Azure Storage accounts
- [x] ensures that all traffic to new Azure Storage accounts is encrypted
- [ ] prevents HTTPS traffic to new Azure Storage accounts when the accounts are accessed over the Internet
- [ ] ensures that all data for new Azure Storage accounts is encrypted at rest

#### Q120::You have an Azure DevOps organization named Contoso, an Azure DevOps project named Project1, an Azure subscription named Sub1, and an Azure key vault named vault1.
`You need to ensure that you can reference the values of the secrets stored in vault1 in all the pipelines of Project1. The solution must prevent the values from being stored in the pipelines.
`What should you do?

- [x] Create a variable group in Project1.
- [ ] Add a secure file to Project1.
- [ ] Modify the security settings of the pipelines.
- [ ] Configure the security policy of Contoso.

#### 00124::You use WhiteSource Bolt to scan a Node.js application.
`The WhiteSource Bolt scan identifies numerous libraries that have invalid licenses. The libraries are used only during development and are not part of a production deployment.
`You need to ensure that WhiteSource Bolt only scans production dependencies.
`Which two actions should you perform? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.

- [x] Run npm install and specify the --production flag.
- [ ] Modify the WhiteSource Bolt policy and set the action for the licenses used by the development tools to Reassign.
- [ ] Modify the devDependencies section of the project's Package.json file.
- [x] Configure WhiteSource Bolt to scan the node_modules directory only.


#### 00125::You plan to update the Azure DevOps strategy of your company.
`You need to identify the following issues as they occur during the company's development process:
`✑ Licensing violations
`✑ Prohibited libraries
`Solution: You implement continuous integration.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### 00126::You plan to update the Azure DevOps strategy of your company.
`You need to identify the following issues as they occur during the company's development process:
`✑ Licensing violations
`✑ Prohibited libraries
`Solution: You implement pre-deployment gates.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### 00127 ::You plan to update the Azure DevOps strategy of your company.
`You need to identify the following issues as they occur during the company's development process:
`✑ Licensing violations
`✑ Prohibited libraries
`Solution: You implement automated security testing.

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No


#### 00128::
`You plan to update the Azure DevOps strategy of your company.
`You need to identify the following issues as they occur during the company's development process:
`✑ Licensing violations
`✑ Prohibited libraries
`Solution: You implement continuous deployment.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No



#### 00131::You need to configure GitHub to use Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) for authentication.
`What should you do first?

- [ ] Create a conditional access policy in Azure AD.
- [x] Register GitHub in Azure AD.
- [ ] Create an Azure Active Directory B2C (Azure AD B2C) tenant.
- [ ] Modify the Security settings of the GitHub organization.

#### 00132::
`You have an Azure DevOps project named Project1 and an Azure subscription named Sub1.
`You need to prevent releases from being deployed unless the releases comply with the Azure Policy rules assigned to Sub1.
`What should you do in the release pipeline of Project1?

- [x] Add a deployment gate.
- [ ] Modify the Deployment queue settings.
- [ ] Configure a deployment trigger.
- [ ] Create a pipeline variable.


#### 00134::
`You have an Azure DevOps project that contains a build pipeline. The build pipeline uses approximately 50 open source libraries.
`You need to ensure that all the open source libraries comply with your company's licensing standards.
`Which service should you use?

- [ ] Ansible
- [ ] Maven
- [x] WhiteSource Bolt
- [ ] Helm

























##   3°_3-3

#### 00135::You are designing the security validation strategy for a project in Azure DevOps.
`You need to identify package dependencies that have known security issues and can be resolved by an update.
`What should you use?

- [ ] Octopus Deploy
- [ ] Jenkins
- [ ] Gradle
- [x] SonarQube


#### 00136::You administer an Azure DevOps project that includes package feeds.
`You need to ensure that developers can unlist and deprecate packages. The solution must use the principle of least privilege.
`Which access level should you grant to the developers?

- [ ] Collaborator
- [x] Contributor
- [ ] Owner




#### 00138::Your company is concerned that when developers introduce open source libraries, it creates licensing compliance issues.
`You need to add an automated process to the build pipeline to detect when common open source libraries are added to the code base.
`What should you use?

- [ ] Microsoft Visual SourceSafe
- [ ] Code Style
- [x] Black Duck
- [ ] Jenkins



#### 00141::
`You have an Azure DevOps project that contains a build pipeline. The build pipeline uses approximately 50 open source libraries.
`You need to ensure that all the open source libraries comply with your company's licensing standards.
`Which service should you use?

- [ ] NuGet
- [ ] Maven
- [x] Black Duck
- [ ] Helm



#### 00143::
`Your company develops an app for iOS. All users of the app have devices that are members of a private distribution group in Microsoft Visual Studio App Center.
`You plan to distribute a new release of the app.
`You need to identify which certificate file you require to distribute the new release from App Center.
`Which file type should you upload to App Center?

- [ ] .cer
- [ ] .pfx
- [x] .p12
- [ ] .pvk


#### 00147::
`Your company is concerned that when developers introduce open source libraries, it creates licensing compliance issues.
`You need to add an automated process to the build pipeline to detect when common open source libraries are added to the code base.
`What should you use?

- [ ] OWASP ZAP
- [ ] Jenkins
- [ ] Code Style
- [x] WhiteSource Bolt

#### 00148::
`You plan to use a NuGet package in a project in Azure DevOps. The NuGet package is in a feed that requires authentication.
`You need to ensure that the project can restore the NuGet package automatically.
`What should the project use to automate the authentication?

- [ ] an Azure Automation account
- [x] an Azure Artifacts Credential Provider
- [ ] an Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) account that has multi-factor authentication (MFA) enabled
- [ ] an Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) service principal


#### 00149::
`You use Azure Pipelines to manage project builds and deployments.
`You plan to use Azure Pipelines for Microsoft Teams to notify the legal team when a new build is ready for release.
`You need to configure the Organization Settings in Azure DevOps to support Azure Pipelines for Microsoft Teams.
`What should you turn on?

- [x] Third-party application access via OAuth
- [ ] Azure Active Directory Conditional Access Policy Validation
- [ ] Alternate authentication credentials
- [ ] SSH authentication


#### 00150::
`You have an existing project in Azure DevOps.
`You plan to integrate GitHub as the repository for the project.
`You need to ensure that Azure Pipelines runs under the Azure Pipelines identity.
`Which authentication mechanism should you use?

- [ ] personal access token (PAT)
- [x] GitHub App
- [ ] Azure Active Directory (Azure AD)
- [ ] OAuth


