
##   3°_3-3

#### 00135::You are designing the security validation strategy for a project in Azure DevOps.
`You need to identify package dependencies that have known security issues and can be resolved by an update.
`What should you use?

- [ ] Octopus Deploy
- [ ] Jenkins
- [ ] Gradle
- [x] SonarQube


#### 00136::You administer an Azure DevOps project that includes package feeds.
`You need to ensure that developers can unlist and deprecate packages. The solution must use the principle of least privilege.
`Which access level should you grant to the developers?

- [ ] Collaborator
- [x] Contributor
- [ ] Owner




#### 00138::Your company is concerned that when developers introduce open source libraries, it creates licensing compliance issues.
`You need to add an automated process to the build pipeline to detect when common open source libraries are added to the code base.
`What should you use?

- [ ] Microsoft Visual SourceSafe
- [ ] Code Style
- [x] Black Duck
- [ ] Jenkins



#### 00141::
`You have an Azure DevOps project that contains a build pipeline. The build pipeline uses approximately 50 open source libraries.
`You need to ensure that all the open source libraries comply with your company's licensing standards.
`Which service should you use?

- [ ] NuGet
- [ ] Maven
- [x] Black Duck
- [ ] Helm



#### 00143::
`Your company develops an app for iOS. All users of the app have devices that are members of a private distribution group in Microsoft Visual Studio App Center.
`You plan to distribute a new release of the app.
`You need to identify which certificate file you require to distribute the new release from App Center.
`Which file type should you upload to App Center?

- [ ] .cer
- [ ] .pfx
- [x] .p12
- [ ] .pvk


#### 00147::
`Your company is concerned that when developers introduce open source libraries, it creates licensing compliance issues.
`You need to add an automated process to the build pipeline to detect when common open source libraries are added to the code base.
`What should you use?

- [ ] OWASP ZAP
- [ ] Jenkins
- [ ] Code Style
- [x] WhiteSource Bolt

#### 00148::
`You plan to use a NuGet package in a project in Azure DevOps. The NuGet package is in a feed that requires authentication.
`You need to ensure that the project can restore the NuGet package automatically.
`What should the project use to automate the authentication?

- [ ] an Azure Automation account
- [x] an Azure Artifacts Credential Provider
- [ ] an Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) account that has multi-factor authentication (MFA) enabled
- [ ] an Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) service principal


#### 00149::
`You use Azure Pipelines to manage project builds and deployments.
`You plan to use Azure Pipelines for Microsoft Teams to notify the legal team when a new build is ready for release.
`You need to configure the Organization Settings in Azure DevOps to support Azure Pipelines for Microsoft Teams.
`What should you turn on?

- [x] Third-party application access via OAuth
- [ ] Azure Active Directory Conditional Access Policy Validation
- [ ] Alternate authentication credentials
- [ ] SSH authentication


#### 00150::
`You have an existing project in Azure DevOps.
`You plan to integrate GitHub as the repository for the project.
`You need to ensure that Azure Pipelines runs under the Azure Pipelines identity.
`Which authentication mechanism should you use?

- [ ] personal access token (PAT)
- [x] GitHub App
- [ ] Azure Active Directory (Azure AD)
- [ ] OAuth


