##   3°_1-3


#### 00101::You are building a Microsoft ASP.NET application that requires authentication.
`You need to authenticate users by using Azure Active Directory (Azure AD).
`What should you do first?

- [ ] Assign an enterprise application to users and groups
- [x] Create an app registration in Azure AD
- [ ] Configure the application to use a SAML endpoint
- [ ] Create a new OAuth token from the application
- [ ] Create a membership database in an Azure SQL database

#### 00102::You have an Azure DevOps organization named Contoso.
`You need to recommend an authentication mechanism that meets the following requirements:
`✑ Supports authentication from Git
`✑ Minimizes the need to provide credentials during authentication
`What should you recommend?

- [x] personal access tokens (PATs) in Azure DevOps
- [ ] Alternate credentials in Azure DevOps
- [ ] user accounts in Azure Active Directory (Azure AD)
- [ ] managed identities in Azure Active Directory (Azure AD)

#### 00103::You have an application that consists of several Azure App Service web apps and Azure functions.
`You need to assess the security of the web apps and the functions.
`Which Azure feature can you use to provide a recommendation for the security of the application?

- [ ] Security & Compliance in Azure Log Analytics
- [ ] Resource health in Azure Service Health
- [ ] Smart Detection in Azure Application Insights
- [x] Compute & apps in Azure Security Center


#### 00104::
`Your company has a project in Azure DevOps for a new web application.
`The company identifies security as one of the highest priorities.
`You need to recommend a solution to minimize the likelihood that infrastructure credentials will be leaked.
`What should you recommend?

- [ ] Add a Run Inline Azure PowerShell task to the pipeline.
- [ ] Add a PowerShell task to the pipeline and run Set-AzureKeyVaultSecret.
- [ ] Add an Azure Key Vault task to the pipeline.
- [x] Add Azure Key Vault references to Azure Resource Manger templates.



#### 00106::
`You create a Microsoft ASP.NET Core application.
`You plan to use Azure Key Vault to provide secrets to the application as configuration data.
`You need to create a Key Vault access policy to assign secret permissions to the application. The solution must use the principle of least privilege.
`Which secret permissions should you use?

- [ ] List only
- [x] Get only
- [ ] Get and List



#### 00109::
`You have a branch policy in a project in Azure DevOps. The policy requires that code always builds successfully.
`You need to ensure that a specific user can always merge changes to the master branch, even if the code fails to compile. The solution must use the principle of least privilege.
`What should you do?

- [ ] Add the user to the Build Administrators group.
- [ ] Add the user to the Project Administrators group.
- [ ] From the Security settings of the repository, modify the access control for the user.
- [x] From the Security settings of the branch, modify the access control for the user.

#### 0110::
`You have an Azure Resource Manager template that deploys a multi-tier application.
`You need to prevent the user who performs the deployment from viewing the account credentials and connection strings used by the application.
`What should you use?

- [x] Azure Key Vault
- [ ] a Web.config file
- [ ] an Appsettings.json file
- [ ] an Azure Storage table
- [ ] an Azure Resource Manager parameter file


#### 00115::
`You are deploying a server application that will run on a Server Core installation of Windows Server 2019.
`You create an Azure key vault and a secret.
`You need to use the key vault to secure API secrets for third-party integrations.
`Which three actions should you perform? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.

- [ ] Configure RBAC for the key vault.
- [x] Modify the application to access the key vault.
- [x] Configure a Key Vault access policy.
- [ ] Deploy an Azure Desired State Configuration (DSC) extension.
- [x] Deploy a virtual machine that uses a system-assigned managed identity.

#### 00117::
`You have an Azure DevOps organization named Contoso that contains a project named Project1.
`You provision an Azure key vault named Keyvault1.
`You need to reference Keyvault1 secrets in a build pipeline of Project1.
`What should you do first?

- [ ] Add a secure file to Project1.
- [ ] Create an XAML build service.
- [x] Create a variable group in Project1.
- [ ] Configure the security policy of Contoso.

#### 00118::Your company uses Azure DevOps.
`Only users who have accounts in Azure Active Directory can access the Azure DevOps environment.
`You need to ensure that only devices that are connected to the on-premises network can access the Azure DevOps environment.
`What should you do?

- [ ] Assign the Stakeholder access level to all users.
- [ ] In Azure Active Directory, configure risky sign-ins.
- [ ] In Azure DevOps, configure Security in Project Settings.
- [x] In Azure Active Directory, configure conditional access.




















