


##   3°_2-3


#### 00119::
`You have the following Azure policy.
`
`You assign the policy to the Tenant root group.
`What is the effect of the policy?

- [ ] prevents all HTTP traffic to existing Azure Storage accounts
- [x] ensures that all traffic to new Azure Storage accounts is encrypted
- [ ] prevents HTTPS traffic to new Azure Storage accounts when the accounts are accessed over the Internet
- [ ] ensures that all data for new Azure Storage accounts is encrypted at rest

#### Q120::You have an Azure DevOps organization named Contoso, an Azure DevOps project named Project1, an Azure subscription named Sub1, and an Azure key vault named vault1.
`You need to ensure that you can reference the values of the secrets stored in vault1 in all the pipelines of Project1. The solution must prevent the values from being stored in the pipelines.
`What should you do?

- [x] Create a variable group in Project1.
- [ ] Add a secure file to Project1.
- [ ] Modify the security settings of the pipelines.
- [ ] Configure the security policy of Contoso.

#### 00124::You use WhiteSource Bolt to scan a Node.js application.
`The WhiteSource Bolt scan identifies numerous libraries that have invalid licenses. The libraries are used only during development and are not part of a production deployment.
`You need to ensure that WhiteSource Bolt only scans production dependencies.
`Which two actions should you perform? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.

- [x] Run npm install and specify the --production flag.
- [ ] Modify the WhiteSource Bolt policy and set the action for the licenses used by the development tools to Reassign.
- [ ] Modify the devDependencies section of the project's Package.json file.
- [x] Configure WhiteSource Bolt to scan the node_modules directory only.


#### 00125::You plan to update the Azure DevOps strategy of your company.
`You need to identify the following issues as they occur during the company's development process:
`✑ Licensing violations
`✑ Prohibited libraries
`Solution: You implement continuous integration.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### 00126::You plan to update the Azure DevOps strategy of your company.
`You need to identify the following issues as they occur during the company's development process:
`✑ Licensing violations
`✑ Prohibited libraries
`Solution: You implement pre-deployment gates.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### 00127 ::You plan to update the Azure DevOps strategy of your company.
`You need to identify the following issues as they occur during the company's development process:
`✑ Licensing violations
`✑ Prohibited libraries
`Solution: You implement automated security testing.

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No


#### 00128::
`You plan to update the Azure DevOps strategy of your company.
`You need to identify the following issues as they occur during the company's development process:
`✑ Licensing violations
`✑ Prohibited libraries
`Solution: You implement continuous deployment.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No



#### 00131::You need to configure GitHub to use Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) for authentication.
`What should you do first?

- [ ] Create a conditional access policy in Azure AD.
- [x] Register GitHub in Azure AD.
- [ ] Create an Azure Active Directory B2C (Azure AD B2C) tenant.
- [ ] Modify the Security settings of the GitHub organization.

#### 00132::
`You have an Azure DevOps project named Project1 and an Azure subscription named Sub1.
`You need to prevent releases from being deployed unless the releases comply with the Azure Policy rules assigned to Sub1.
`What should you do in the release pipeline of Project1?

- [x] Add a deployment gate.
- [ ] Modify the Deployment queue settings.
- [ ] Configure a deployment trigger.
- [ ] Create a pipeline variable.


#### 00134::
`You have an Azure DevOps project that contains a build pipeline. The build pipeline uses approximately 50 open source libraries.
`You need to ensure that all the open source libraries comply with your company's licensing standards.
`Which service should you use?

- [ ] Ansible
- [ ] Maven
- [x] WhiteSource Bolt
- [ ] Helm

