##   4°_1-3

#### 00153::You use release pipelines in Azure Pipelines to deploy an app. Secrets required be the pipeline are stored as pipeline variables. Logging of commands is enabled for the Azure Pipelines agent.
`You need to prevent the values of the secrets from being logged.
`What should you do?

- [x] Store the secrets in the environment variables instead of the pipeline variables.
- [ ] Pass the secrets on the command line instead of in the pipeline variables.
- [ ] Apply a prefix of secret to the name of the variables.
- [ ] Echo the values of the secrets to the command line.



#### 00156::
`You have an Azure subscription linked to an Azure Active Directory Premium Plan 1 tenant.
`
`A security review indicates that too many users have privileged access to resources.
`
`You need to deploy a privileged access management solution that meets the following requirements:
`
`• Enforces time limits on the use of privileged access
`• Requires approval to activate privileged access
`• Minimizes costs
`
`What should you do first?

- [ ] Configure notifications when privileged roles are activated.
- [ ] Configure alerts for the activation of privileged roles.
- [ ] Enforce Azure Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) for role activation.
- [x] Upgrade the license of the Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) tenant.

#### 00157::
`You plan to create a GitHub workflow that will use GitHub Actions. The actions will require a 256-KB secret.
`
`You need to recommend a solution to store and encrypt the secret. The secret value must be accessible only to the workflow. The solution must minimize administrative effort
`
`What should you recommend?

- [ ] Store the secret in the organization-level GitHub secrets.
- [ ] Store the secret in the repository-level GitHub secrets.
- [ ] Encrypt the secret value and store the value in the repository. Store the decryption key in the repository-level GitHub secrets.
- [x] Encrypt the secret value and store the value in the repository. Store the decryption key in the organization-level GitHub secrets.


#### 00158::
`You have a GitHub Enterprise account.
`
`You need to enable push protection for secret scanning of the account repositories.
`
`What should you do first?

- [x] Purchase a GitHub Advanced Security license.
- [ ] Purchase Premium Plus support.
- [ ] Enforce multi-factor authentication (MFA).
- [ ] Create an access policy for secrets.


#### 0160::
`You are designing the development process for your company.
`You need to recommend a solution for continuous inspection of the company's code base to locate common code patterns that are known to be problematic.
`What should you include in the recommendation?

- [ ] Microsoft Visual Studio test plans
- [ ] Gradle wrapper scripts
- [x] SonarCloud analysis
- [ ] the JavaScript task runner

#### 00161::
`The lead developer at your company reports that adding new application features takes longer than expected due to a large accumulated technical debt.
`You need to recommend changes to reduce the accumulated technical debt.
`Solution: You recommend reducing the code coupling and the dependency cycles?

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No

#### 00162::
`Your company uses Azure DevOps for the build pipelines and deployment pipelines of Java-based projects.
`You need to recommend a strategy for managing technical debt.
`Which two actions should you include in the recommendation? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.

- [ ] Configure post-deployment approvals in the deployment pipeline.
- [x] Configure pre-deployment approvals in the deployment pipeline.
- [x] Integrate Azure DevOps and SonarQube.
- [ ] Integrate Azure DevOps and Azure DevTest Labs.

#### 00163::
`Your company is building a new solution in Java.
`The company currently uses a SonarQube server to analyze the code of .NET solutions.
`You need to analyze and monitor the code quality of the Java solution.
`Which task types should you add to the build pipeline?

- [x] Gradle
- [ ] CocoaPods
- [ ] Grunt
- [ ] Gulp




#### 00165::
`Your company is building a new solution in Java.
`The company currently uses a SonarQube server to analyze the code of .NET solutions.
`You need to analyze and monitor the code quality of the Java solution.
`Which task types should you add to the build pipeline?

- [ ] Grunt
- [ ] Octopus
- [x] Maven
- [ ] Gulp

#### 00167::
`Your company uses Azure DevOps for the build pipelines and deployment pipelines of Java-based projects.
`You need to recommend a strategy for managing technical debt.
`Which action should you include in the recommendation?

- [ ] Configure post-deployment approvals in the deployment pipeline.
- [x] Integrate Azure DevOps and SonarQube.
- [ ] Integrate Azure DevOps and Azure DevTest Labs.



#### Q170::During a code review, you discover many quality issues. Many modules contain unused variables and empty catch blocks.
`You need to recommend a solution to improve the quality of the code.
`What should you recommend?

- [ ] In a Grunt build task, select Enabled from Control Options.
- [x] In a Maven build task, select Run PMD.
- [ ] In a Xcode build task, select Use xcpretty from Advanced.
- [ ] In a Gradle build task, select Run Checkstyle.

