

##   4°_3-3

#### 00184::
`You have a GitHub repository that contains multiple versions of an Azure Pipelines template.
`
`You plan to deploy multiple pipelines that will use a template stored in the repository.
`
`You need to ensure that you use a fixed version of the template.
`
`What should you use to reference which version of the template repository to use?

- [ ] the serial
- [ ] the SHA-based hashes
- [ ] the runner
- [x] the branch




#### 00188::You have an Azure Repos Git repository named repo1.
`
`You need to ensure that you can authenticate to repo1 by using SSH.
`
`Which four actions should you perform in sequence? To answer, move the appropriate actions from the list of actions to the answer area and arrange them in the correct order.

- [ ] Microsoft Visual SourceSafe
- [ ] Code Style
- [x] Black Duck
- [ ] Jenkins






#### 00192::
`Your company has 60 developers who are assigned to four teams. Each team has 15 members.
`The company uses an agile development methodology.
`You need to structure the work of the development teams so that each team owns their respective work while working together to reach a common goal.
`Which parts of the taxonomy should you enable the team to perform autonomously?


- [ ] Features and Tasks
- [ ] Initiatives and Epics
- [ ] Epics and Features
- [x] Stories and Tasks

#### 00193::
`Your company creates a new Azure DevOps team.
`You plan to use Azure DevOps for sprint planning.
`You need to visualize the flow of your work by using an agile methodology.
`Which Azure DevOps component should you use?

- [x] Kanban boards
- [ ] sprint planning
- [ ] delivery plans
- [ ] portfolio backlogs

#### 00194::
`Your company implements an Agile development methodology.
`You plan to implement retrospectives at the end of each sprint.
`Which three questions should you include? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.

- [ ] Who performed well?
- [ ] Who should have performed better?
- [x] What could have gone better?
- [x] What went well?
- [x] What should we try next?

#### 00195::
`Your team uses an agile development approach.
`You need to recommend a branching strategy for the team's Git repository. The strategy must meet the following requirements.
`✑ Provide the ability to work on multiple independent tasks in parallel.
`✑ Ensure that checked-in code remains in a releasable state always.
`✑ Ensure that new features can be abandoned at any time.
`✑ Encourage experimentation.
`What should you recommend?

- [ ] a single long-running branch without forking
- [ ] multiple long-running branches
- [ ] a single fork per team member
- [x] a single long-running branch with multiple short-lived feature branches

#### 00196::
`You integrate a cloud-hosted Jenkins server and a new Azure DevOps deployment.
`You need Azure DevOps to send a notification to Jenkins when a developer commits changes to a branch in Azure Repos.
`Solution: You create a service hook subscription that uses the build completed event.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No



#### 00197::
`You have a project in Azure DevOps that has a release pipeline.
 `You need to integrate work item tracking and an Agile project management system to meet the following  requirements:
 `✑ Ensure that developers can track whether their commits are deployed to production.
 `✑ Report the deployment status.
 `✑ Minimize integration effort.
 `Which system should you use?

- [ ] Asana
- [ ] Basecamp
- [ ] Trello
- [x] Jira

#### 00198::
`You plan to onboard 10 new developers.
`You need to recommend a development environment that meets the following requirements:
`✑ Integrates with GitHub
`✑ Provides integrated debugging tools
`✑ Supports remote workers and hot-desking environments
`✑ Supports developers who use browsers, tablets, and Chromebooks
`What should you recommend?

- [ ] VS Code
- [ ] Xamarin Studio
- [ ] MonoDevelop
- [x] Github Codespaces


#### 00199::
`You integrate a cloud-hosted Jenkins server and a new Azure DevOps deployment.
`You need Azure DevOps to send a notification to Jenkins when a developer commits changes to a branch in Azure Repos.
`Solution: You create an email subscription to an Azure DevOps notification.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### 00200::
`You integrate a cloud-hosted Jenkins server and a new Azure DevOps deployment.
`You need Azure DevOps to send a notification to Jenkins when a developer commits changes to a branch in Azure Repos.
`Solution: You create a service hook subscription that uses the code pushed event.

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No
