


##   4°_2-3

#### 00171::Your development team is building a new web solution by using the Microsoft Visual Studio integrated development environment (IDE).
`You need to make a custom package available to all the developers. The package must be managed centrally, and the latest version must be available for consumption in Visual Studio automatically.
`Which three actions should you perform? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.

- [x] Publish the package to a feed.
- [x] Create a new feed in Azure Artifacts.
- [ ] Upload a package to a Git repository.
- [ ] Add the package URL to the Environment settings in Visual Studio.
- [x] Add the package URL to the NuGet Package Manager settings in Visual Studio.
- [ ] Create a Git repository in Azure Repos.

#### 00172::You use GitHub for source control.
`A file that contains sensitive data is committed accidentally to the Git repository of a project.
`You need to delete the file and its history form the repository.
`Which two tools can you use? Each correct answer presents a complete solution.

- [x] the git filter-branch command
- [x] BFG Repo-Cleaner
- [ ] the git rebase command
- [ ] GitHub Desktop

#### 00173::Your company uses GitHub for source control. The company has a team that performs code reviews.
`You need to automate the assignment of the code reviews. The solution must meet the following requirements:
`✑ Prioritize the assignment of code reviews to team members who have the fewest outstanding assignments.
`✑ Ensure that each team member performs an equal number of code reviews in any 30-day period.
`✑ Prevent the assignment of code reviews to the team leader.
`Which two actions should you perform? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.

- [ ] Clear Never assign certain team members.
- [ ] Select If assigning team members, don't notify the entire team.
- [x] Select Never assign certain team members.
- [ ] Set Routing algorithm to Round robin.
- [x] Set Routing algorithm to Load balance.


#### 00174::You have a GitHub repository.
`You create a new repository in Azure DevOps.
`You need to recommend a procedure to clone the repository from GitHub to Azure DevOps.

- [ ] Create a pull request.
- [ ] Create a webhook.
- [ ] Create a service connection for GitHub.
- [x] From Import a Git repository, click Import.
- [ ] Create a personal access token in Azure DevOps.


#### 00175::The lead developer at your company reports that adding new application features takes longer than expected due to a large accumulated technical debt.
`You need to recommend changes to reduce the accumulated technical debt.
`Solution: You recommend increasing the code duplication.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### 00176::The lead developer at your company reports that adding new application features takes longer than expected due to a large accumulated technical debt.
`You need to recommend changes to reduce the accumulated technical debt.
`Solution: You recommend increasing the test coverage.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### 00157 ::The lead developer at your company reports that adding new application features takes longer than expected due to a large accumulated technical debt.
`You need to recommend changes to reduce the accumulated technical debt.
`Solution: You recommend reducing the code complexity.

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No


#### 00158::
`During a code review, you discover quality issues in a Java application.
`You need to recommend a solution to detect quality issues including unused variables and empty catch blocks.
`What should you recommend?

- [x] In a Maven build task, select Run PMD.
- [ ] In an Xcode build task, select Use xcpretty from Advanced.
- [ ] In a Gulp build task, specify a custom condition expression.
- [ ] In a Grunt build task, select Enabled from Control Options.



#### 00159::You use Azure Artifacts to host NuGet packages that you create.
`You need to make one of the packages available to anonymous users outside your organization. The solution must minimize the number of publication points.
`What should you do?

- [ ] Change the feed URL of the package
- [x] Create a new feed for the package
- [ ] Promote the package to a release view.
- [ ] Publish the package to a public NuGet repository.


#### 00180 ::
`You use GitHub for source control and project-related discussions.
`You receive a notification when an entry is made to any team discussion.
`You need to ensure that you receive email notifications only for discussions in which you commented or in which you are mentioned.
`Which two Notifications settings should you clear? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.

- [x] Automatically watch teams
- [ ] Participating
- [x] Automatically watch repositories
- [ ] Watching

#### 00181::You have an Azure Automation account that contains a runbook. The runbook is used to configure the application infrastructure of an Azure subscription.
`
`You have a project in Azure DevOps named Project1. Project1 contains a repository that stores code for the runbook.
`
`You need to ensure that every committed change to the code will update automatically and publish the runbook to Azure Automation.
`
`What should you configure?

- [ ] the Service hooks settings for Project1
- [ ] the Connections settings for the Automation account
- [x] the Source control settings for the Automation account
- [ ] the Service connections settings for Project1

#### 00182::
`You use Git for source control.
`
`You enable GitHub code scanning.
`
`You raise a pull request from a non-default branch. In the code scanning output, you receive the following error message: “Analysis not found.”
`
`You need to ensure that the code scanning completes successfully for the pull request.
`
`Which two actions should you perform? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.

- [ ] Add the name of the default branch to the on: push specification in the code scanning workflow.
- [x] Add the name of the non-default branch to the on:push specification in the code scanning workflow.
- [ ] Delete the pull request, and then raise the request again from the default branch.
- [x] Update the code in the pull request.
- [ ] Add a new workflow for code scanning.



