##   5°_1-3



#### 00201::You integrate a cloud-hosted Jenkins server and a new Azure DevOps deployment.
`You need Azure DevOps to send a notification to Jenkins when a developer commits changes to a branch in Azure Repos.
`Solution: You add a trigger to the build pipeline.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### 00202::You plan to create in Azure DevOps. Multiple developers will work on the project. The developers will work offline frequently and will require access to the full project history while they are offline.
`Which version control solution should you use?

- [ ] Team Foundation Version Control
- [x] Git
- [ ] TortoiseSVN
- [ ] Subversion




#### 00203::You plan to onboard 10 new developers.
`You need to recommend a development environment that meets the following requirements:
`✑ Integrates with GitHub
`✑ Provides integrated debugging tools
`✑ Supports remote workers and hot-desking environments
`✑ Supports developers who use browsers, tablets, and Chromebooks
`What should you recommend?

- [ ] VS Code
- [ ] Xamarin Studio
- [ ] MonoDevelop
- [x] Visual Studio Codespaces


#### 00204::
`You have a build pipeline in Azure Pipelines.
`You create a Slack App Integration.
`You need to send build notifications to a Slack channel named #Development.
`What should you do first?

- [ ] Create a project-level notification.
- [ ] Configure a service connection.
- [ ] Create a global notification.
- [x] Creates a service hook subscription.

#### 0205 ::
`You have an Azure DevOps organization named Contoso and an Azure subscription.
`You use Azure DevOps to build and deploy a web app named App1. Azure Monitor is configured to generate an email notification in response to alerts generated whenever App1 generates a server-side error.
`You need to receive notifications in Microsoft Teams whenever an Azure Monitor alert is generated.
`Which two actions should you perform? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.

- [ ] Create an Azure Monitor workbook.
- [x] Create an Azure logic app that has an HTTP request trigger.
- [ ] Create an Azure logic app that has an Azure DevOps trigger.
- [x] Modify an action group in Azure Monitor.
- [ ] Modify the Diagnostics settings in Azure Monitor.


#### 00207::
`You have an Azure DevOps organization that contains a project named Project1.
`You need to create a published wiki in Project1.
`What should you do first?

- [ ] Modify the Storage settings of Project1.
- [ ] In Project1, create an Azure DevOps pipeline.
- [x] In Project1, create an Azure DevOps repository.
- [ ] Modify the Team configuration settings of Project1.


#### 00208::
`Your company plans to use an agile approach to software development.
`You need to recommend an application to provide communication between members of the development team who work in locations around the world. The applications must meet the following requirements:
`✑ Provide the ability to isolate the members of different project teams into separate communication channels and to keep a history of the chats within those channels.
`✑ Be available on Windows 10, Mac OS, iOS, and Android operating systems.
`✑ Provide the ability to add external contractors and suppliers to projects.
`✑ Integrate directly with Azure DevOps.
`What should you recommend?

- [ ] Microsoft Project
- [ ] Bamboo
- [ ] Microsoft Lync
- [x] Microsoft Teams

#### 00209::
`You are developing a multi-tier application. The application will use Azure App Service web apps as the front end and an Azure SQL database as the back end.
`The application will use Azure functions to write some data to Azure Storage.
`You need to send the Azure DevOps team an email message when the front end fails to return a status code of 200.
`Which feature should you use?

- [ ] Service Map in Azure Log Analytics
- [x] availability tests in Azure Application Insights
- [ ] Profiler in Azure Application Insights
- [ ] Application Map in Azure Application Insights

#### 0210::
`You have a project in Azure DevOps named Project1. Project1 contains a published wiki.
`You need to change the order of pages in the navigation pane of the published wiki in the Azure DevOps portal.
`What should you do?


- [x] At the root of the wiki, create a file named .order that defines the page hierarchy.
- [ ] At the root of the wiki, create a file named wiki.md that defines the page hierarchy.
- [ ] Rename the pages in the navigation pane.
- [ ] Drag and drop the pages in the navigation pane.


#### 00212::
`Your company plans to use an agile approach to software development.
`You need to recommend an application to provide communication between members of the development team who work in locations around the world. The applications must meet the following requirements:
`✑ Provide the ability to isolate the members of different project teams into separate communication channels and to keep a history of the chats within those channels.
`✑ Be available on Windows 10, Mac OS, iOS, and Android operating systems.
`✑ Provide the ability to add external contractors and suppliers to projects.
`✑ Integrate directly with Azure DevOps.
`What should you recommend?


- [ ] Skype for Business
- [ ] Bamboo
- [ ] Octopus
- [x] Slack






