
##   5°_4-4


#### 00239::
`You have a private project in Azure DevOps.
`You need to ensure that a project manager can create custom work item queries to report on the project's progress. The solution must use the principle of least privilege.
`To which security group should you add the project manager?


- [ ] Reader
- [ ] Project Collection Administrators
- [ ] Project Administrators
- [x] Contributor

#### 00240::
`Your company has a project in Azure DevOps for a new application. The application will be deployed to several Azure virtual machines that run Windows Server
`2019.
`You need to recommend a deployment strategy for the virtual machines. The strategy must meet the following requirements:
`✑ Ensure that the virtual machines maintain a consistent configuration.
`✑ Minimize administrative effort to configure the virtual machines.
`What should you include in the recommendation?

- [x] Azure Resource Manager templates and the PowerShell Desired State Configuration (DSC) extension for Windows
- [ ] Deployment YAML and Azure pipeline deployment groups
- [ ] Azure Resource Manager templates and the Custom Script Extension for Windows
- [ ] Deployment YAML and Azure pipeline stage templates

#### 00241::
`You have an Azure DevOps project that uses many package feeds.
`You need to simplify the project by using a single feed that stores packages produced by your company and packages consumed from remote feeds. The solution must support public feeds and authenticated feeds.
`What should you enable in DevOps?

- [ ] Universal Packages
- [x] upstream sources
- [ ] views in Azure Artifacts
- [ ] a symbol server

#### 00246::
`You use a Git repository in Azure Repos to manage the source code of a web application. Developers commit changes directly to the default branch.
`You need to implement a change management procedure that meets the following requirements:
`✑ The default branch must be protected, and new changes must be built in the feature branches first.
`✑ Changes must be reviewed and approved by at least one release manager before each merge.
`✑ Changes must be brought into the default branch by using pull requests.
`What should you configure in Azure Repos?

- [x] branch policies of the default branch
- [ ] Services in Project Settings
- [ ] Deployment pools in Project Settings
- [ ] branch security of the default branch


#### 00247::
`Your company uses Azure DevOps to manage the build and release processes for applications.
`You use a Git repository for applications source control.
`You need to implement a pull request strategy that reduces the history volume in the master branch.
`Solution: You implement a pull request strategy that uses fast-forward merges.


- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### 00248::
`Your company uses Azure DevOps to manage the build and release processes for applications.
`You use a Git repository for applications source control.
`You need to implement a pull request strategy that reduces the history volume in the master branch.
`Solution: You implement a pull request strategy that uses squash merges.

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No

#### 00249::
`Your company uses Azure DevOps to manage the build and release processes for applications.
`You use a Git repository for applications source control.
`You need to implement a pull request strategy that reduces the history volume in the master branch.
`Solution: You implement a pull request strategy that uses an explicit merge.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### 00250::
`Your company uses Azure DevOps to manage the build and release processes for applications.
`You use a Git repository for applications source control.
`You need to implement a pull request strategy that reduces the history volume in the master branch.
`Solution: You implement a pull request strategy that uses a three-way merge.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No
