







##   5°_2-3


#### 00213::
`You are designing a YAML template for use with Azure Pipelines. The template will include the outputfile parameter.
`Which two methods can you use to reference the parameter? Each correct answer presents a complete solution.

- [x] ${{parameters.outputfile}}
- [ ] $(parameters['outputfile'])
- [ ] $(parameters.outputfile)
- [ ] $(parameters[outputfile])
- [x] ${{parameters['outputfile']}}


#### 00214::
`You have a pipeline named Pipeline1 in Azure Pipelines.
`
`You need to create a service connection to enable Pipeline1 to download a public container image.
`
`Which type of service connection should you create?


- [ ] a Docker host
- [x] a Docker registry
- [ ] Azure Service Fabric
- [ ] Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS)


#### 00215::
`You have a project in Azure DevOps named Project1 that contains a Kanban board named Board1.
`
`You create a Microsoft Teams channel and add the Azure Boards app to the channel.
`
`You need to ensure that users can create work items in Board1 from Microsoft Teams.
`
`Which command should you run?

- [ ] @azure boards subscriptions
- [ ] @azure boards create
- [ ] @azure boards sign in
- [x] @azure boards link

#### 00216::
`You manage a project by using Azure Board, and you manage the project code by using Azure Repos.
`
`You have a bug work item that has an ID of 123.
`
`You need to set the work item state to Resolved.
`
`What should you add to the commit message?

- [ ] #123 completes
- [ ] #123 Resolved
- [ ] Completed #123
- [x] Fixes #123

#### 00217::
`You have an Azure subscription that contains a storage account and 20 virtual machines.
`
`You plan to use LogRhythm for aggregation and analysis of the virtual machine logs.
`
`You need to configure AzLog to export the logs and push them to the storage account.
`
`In which format should you export the logs?

- [x] JSON
- [ ] EVTX
- [ ] EVT
- [ ] binary

#### 00219::
`You use GitHub for source control and Azure Boards for project management. GitHub and Azure Boards are integrated.
`
`You plan to create a pull request in GitHub.
`
`You need to automatically link the request to an existing Azure Boards work item by using the text of AB#.
`
`To which two elements can you add the text? Each correct answer presents a complete solution.

- [ ] milestone
- [ ] label
- [x] title
- [ ] comment
- [x] description


#### Q220::
`You need to recommend an integration strategy for the build process of a Java application. The  solution must meet the following requirements:
`✑ The build must access an on-premises dependency management system.
`✑ The build outputs must be stored as Server artifacts in Azure DevOps.
`✑ The source code must be stored in a Git repository in Azure DevOps.
`Solution: Configure the build pipeline to use a Microsoft-hosted agent pool running the Windows Server 2019 with Visual Studio 2019 image. Include the Java Tool
`Installer task in the build pipeline.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### 00221::
`You have a project in Azure DevOps.
`You create the following YAML template named Template1.yml.
`steps:
`- script: npm install
`- script: yarn install
`- script: npm run compile
`You create the following pipeline named File1.yml.
`parameters:
`usersteps:
`- task: MyTask@1
`- script: echo Done
`You need to ensure that Template1.yaml runs before File1.yml.
`How should you update File1.yml?


- [ ] parameters: usersteps: extends: template: template1.yml - task: MyTask@1 - script: echo Done
- [ ] template: template1.yml parameters: usersteps: - task: MyTask@1 - script: echo Done
- [x] extends: template: templatel.yml parameters: usersteps: - task: MyTask@1 - script: echo Done
- [ ] parameters: usersteps: - template: templatel.yml - task: MyTask@1 - script: echo Done

#### 00222::
`You have an Azure solution that contains a build pipeline in Azure Pipelines.
`You experience intermittent delays before the build pipeline starts.
`You need to reduce the time it takes to start the build pipeline.
`What should you do?

- [x] Enable self-hosted build agents.
- [ ] Create a new agent pool.
- [ ] Split the build pipeline into multiple stages.
- [ ] Purchase an additional parallel job.

#### 00223::
`You need to recommend an integration strategy for the build process of a Java application. The solution must meet the following requirements:
`✑ The build must access an on-premises dependency management system.
`✑ The build outputs must be stored as Server artifacts in Azure DevOps.
`✑ The source code must be stored in a Git repository in Azure DevOps.
`Solution: Configure the build pipeline to use a Microsoft-hosted agent pool running a Linux image.  Include the Java Tool Installer task in the build pipeline.


- [ ] Yes
- [x] No







