##   6°_1-1


#### 00251::
`You need to recommend a Docker container build strategy that meets the following requirements:
`✑ Minimizes image sizes
`✑ Minimizes the security surface area of the final image
`What should you include in the recommendation?

- [x] multi-stage builds
- [ ] PowerShell Desired State Configuration (DSC)
- [ ] Docker Swarm
- [ ] single-stage builds

#### 00252::
`You plan to create an image that will contain a .NET Core application.
`You have a Dockerfile file that contains the following code. (Line numbers are included for reference only.)
`
`You need to ensure that the image is as small as possible when the image is built.
`Which line should you modify in the file?

- [ ] 1
- [ ] 3
- [x] 4
- [ ] 7

#### 00253::
`Your company has a project in Azure DevOps for a new web application.
`You need to ensure that when code is checked in, a build runs automatically.
`Solution: From the Triggers tab of the build pipeline, you select Batch changes while a build is in progress.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No



#### 0155 ::
`You have 50 Node.js-based projects that you scan by using WhiteSource. Each project includes Package.json, Package-lock.json, and Npm-shrinkwrap.json files.
`You need to minimize the number of libraries reports by WhiteSource to only the libraries that you explicitly reference.
`What should you do?

- [ ] Configure the File System Agent plug-in.
- [x] Add a devDependencies section to Package-lock.json.
- [ ] Configure the Artifactory plug-in.
- [ ] Delete Package-lock.json.

#### 00256::
`Your company deploys applications in Docker containers.
`You want to detect known exploits in the Docker images used to provision the Docker containers.
`You need to integrate image scanning into the application lifecycle. The solution must expose the exploits as early as possible during the application lifecycle.
`What should you configure?

- [x] a task executed in the continuous integration pipeline and a scheduled task that analyzes the image registry
- [ ] manual tasks performed during the planning phase and the deployment phase
- [ ] a task executed in the continuous deployment pipeline and a scheduled task against a running production container
- [ ] a task executed in the continuous integration pipeline and a scheduled task that analyzes the production container

#### 00257::
`Your company has a hybrid cloud between Azure and Azure Stack.
`The company uses Azure DevOps for its full CI/CD pipelines. Some applications are built by using Erlang and Hack.
`You need to ensure that Erlang and Hack are supported as part of the build strategy across the hybrid cloud. The solution must minimize management overhead.
`What should you use to execute the build pipeline?


- [ ] a Microsoft-hosted agent
- [ ] Azure DevOps self-hosted agents on Azure DevTest Labs virtual machines.
- [ ] Azure DevOps self-hosted agents on Hyper-V virtual machines
- [x] Azure DevOps self-hosted agents on virtual machines that run on Azure Stack


#### 00258::
`Your company has an Azure DevOps project,
`The source code for the project is stored in an on-premises repository and uses on an on-premises build server.
`You plan to use Azure DevOps to control the build process on the build server by using a self-hosted agent.
`You need to implement the self-hosted agent.
`You download and install the agent on the build server.

- [ ] From Azure, create a shared access signature (SAS).
- [ ] From the build server, create a certificate, and then upload the certificate to Azure Storage.
- [ ] From the build server, create a certificate, and then upload the certificate to Azure Key Vault.
- [x] From DevOps, create a personal access token (PAT).
- [x] From the build server, run config.cmd.

#### 00259::
`You have an Azure subscription that contains an Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) tenant.
`You are configuring a build pipeline in Azure Pipelines that will include a task named Task1. Task1 will authenticate by using an Azure AD service principal.
`Which three values should you configure for Task1? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.

- [x] the tenant ID
- [ ] the subscription ID
- [x] the client secret
- [x] the app ID
- [ ] the object ID


#### 00261::
`You need to execute inline testing of an Azure DevOps pipeline that uses a Docker deployment model. The solution must prevent the results from being published to the pipeline.
`What should you use for the inline testing?

- [ ] a single stage Dockerfile
- [ ] an Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) pod
- [x] a multi-stage Dockerfile
- [ ] a Docker Compose file

#### 00262::
`You are designing an Azure DevOps strategy for your company's development team.
`You suspect that the team's productivity is low due to accumulate technical debt.
`You need to recommend a metric to assess the amount of the team's technical debt.
`What should you recommend?

- [ ] the number of code modules in an application
- [ ] the number of unit test failures
- [ ] the percentage of unit test failures
- [x] the percentage of overall time spent on rework




