
##   6°_1-4


#### 00291::
`You have an Azure DevOps project.
`Your build process creates several artifacts.
`You need to deploy the artifacts to on-premises servers.
`Solution: You deploy an Octopus Deploy server. You deploy a polled Tentacle agent to an on-premises server. You add an Octopus task to the deployment pipeline.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### 00292::
`You plan to create a release pipeline that will deploy Azure resources by using Azure Resource Manager templates. The release pipeline will create the following resources:
`✑ Two resource groups
`✑ Four Azure virtual machines in one resource group
`✑ Two Azure SQL databases in other resource group
`You need to recommend a solution to deploy the resources.
`Solution: Create a main template that will deploy the resources in one resource group and a nested template that will deploy the resources in the other resource group.


- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### 00293::
`You plan to create a release pipeline that will deploy Azure resources by using Azure Resource Manager templates. The release pipeline will create the following resources:
`✑ Two resource groups
`✑ Four Azure virtual machines in one resource group
`✑ Two Azure SQL databases in other resource group
`You need to recommend a solution to deploy the resources.
`Solution: Create a main template that has two linked templates, each of which will deploy the resources in its respective group.

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No


#### 00295::
`You plan to share packages that you wrote, tested, validated, and deployed by using Azure Artifacts.
`You need to release multiple builds of each package by using a single feed. The solution must limit the release of packages that are in development.
`What should you use?

- [ ] local symbols
- [x] views
- [ ] global symbols
- [ ] upstream sources

#### 00296::
`You have a project in Azure DevOps named Project1. Project1 contains a build pipeline named Pipe1 that builds an application named App1.
`You have an agent pool named Pool1 that contains a Windows Server 2019-based self-hosted agent. Pipe1 uses Pool1.
`You plan to implement another project named Project2. Project2 will have a build pipeline named Pipe2 that builds an application named App2.
`App1 and App2 have conflicting dependencies.
`You need to minimize the possibility that the two build pipelines will conflict with each other. The solution must minimize infrastructure costs.

- [ ] Add another self-hosted agent.
- [ ] Add a Docker Compose task to the build pipelines.
- [ ] Change the self-hosted agent to use Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) 8.
- [x] Create two container jobs.


#### 00298::
`You manage build pipelines and deployment pipelines by using Azure DevOps.
`Your company has a team of 500 developers. New members are added continually to the team.
`You need to automate the management of users and licenses whenever possible.
`Which task must you perform manually?

- [ ] modifying group memberships
- [ ] adding users
- [ ] assigning entitlements
- [x] procuring licenses




#### 00300::
`Your company is building a new solution in Java.
`The company currently uses a SonarQube server to analyze the code of .NET solutions.
`You need to analyze and monitor the code quality of the Java solution.
`Which task types should you add to the build pipeline?

- [ ] Octopus
- [ ] Chef
- [ ] CocoaPods
- [x] Gradle
