
##   6°_1-2


#### 00263::
`You are developing an open source solution that uses a GitHub repository.
`You create a new public project in Azure DevOps.
`You plan to use Azure Pipelines for continuous build. The solution will use the GitHub Checks API.
`Which authentication type should you use?

- [ ] OpenID
- [x] GitHub App
- [ ] a personal access token (PAT)
- [ ] SAML


#### 00264::
`Your company has a project in Azure DevOps for a new web application.
`You need to ensure that when code is checked in, a build runs automatically.
`Solution: From the Continuous deployment trigger settings of the release pipeline, you enable the Pull request trigger setting.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### 00265::
`Your company has a project in Azure DevOps for a new web application.
`You need to ensure that when code is checked in, a build runs automatically.
`Solution: From the Pre-deployment conditions settings of the release pipeline, you select After stage.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### 00266::
`Your company has a project in Azure DevOps for a new web application.
`You need to ensure that when code is checked in, a build runs automatically.
`Solution: From the Pre-deployment conditions settings of the release pipeline, you select Batch changes while a build is in progress.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### 00269::
`You have a build pipeline in Azure Pipelines that uses different jobs to compile an application for 10 different architectures.
`The build pipeline takes approximately one day to complete.
`You need to reduce the time it takes to execute the build pipeline.
`Which two actions should you perform? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.


- [ ] Move to a blue/green deployment pattern
- [ ] Create a deployment group
- [x] Increase the number of parallel jobs
- [ ] Reduce the size of the repository
- [x] Create an agent pool

#### Q170::
`You are creating a build pipeline in Azure Pipelines.
`You define several tests that might fail due to third-party applications.
`You need to ensure that the build pipeline completes successfully if the third-party applications are unavailable.
`What should you do?

- [ ] Configure the build pipeline to use parallel jobs
- [x] Configure flaky tests
- [ ] Increase the test pass percentage
- [ ] Add the Requirements quality widget to your dashboard

#### 00272::
`Your company has a project in Azure DevOps for a new web application.
`You need to ensure that when code is checked in, a build runs automatically.
`Solution: From the Triggers tab of the build pipeline, you select Enable continuous integration.

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No 

#### 00273::
`You have an Azure DevOps organization named Contoso and an Azure DevOps project named Project1.
`You plan to use Microsoft-hosted agents to build container images that will host full Microsoft .NET Framework apps in a YAML pipeline in Project1.
`What are two possible virtual machine images that you can use for the Microsoft-hosted agent pool?

- [x] vs2017-win2016
- [x] ubuntu-16.04
- [ ] win1803
- [ ] macOS-10.13
- [ ] vs.2015-win2012r2



#### 00275::
`Your company has a project in Azure DevOps.
`You need to ensure that when there are multiple builds pending deployment, only the most recent build is deployed.
`What should you use?

- [ ] deployment conditions
- [x] deployment queue settings
- [ ] release gates
- [ ] pull request triggers

#### 00276::
`Your company develops a client banking application that processes a large volume of data.
`Code quality is an ongoing issue for the company. Recently, the code quality has deteriorated because of an increase in time pressure on the development team.
`You need to implement static code analysis.
`During which phase should you use static code analysis?

- [ ] integration testing
- [ ] staging
- [ ] production release
- [x] build



