##   7°_1-1


#### 00301::
`Your company is building a new solution in Java.
`The company currently uses a SonarQube server to analyze the code of .NET solutions.
`You need to analyze and monitor the code quality of the Java solution.
`Which task types should you add to the build pipeline?

- [x] Maven
- [ ] CocoaPods
- [ ] Xcode
- [ ] Gulp

#### 00302::
`You have an Azure subscription named Subscription1 that contains a custom Azure policy named Policy1. Policy1 is an audit policy that monitors naming convention compliance for the resources deployed to Subscription1.
`You have a pipeline named Pipeline1 in Azure Pipelines. Pipeline1 deploys Azure Resource Manager (ARM) resources to Subscription1.
`You need to ensure that the resources deployed by Pipeline1 comply with Policy1.
`What should you add to Pipeline1?

- [x] a pre-deployment task that runs a security and compliance assessment
- [ ] a post-deployment task that runs a security and compliance assessment
- [ ] an ARM template deployment task to assign Policy1 to Subscription1
- [ ] an ARM template deployment task to deploy Policy1 to Subscription1






#### 00304::
`You have a project in Azure DevOps.
`You need to push notifications about pull requests to a Microsoft Teams channel. The solution must minimize development effort.
`What should you do?

- [ ] Install the Azure Pipelines app for Teams and configure a subscription to receive notifications in the channel.
- [ ] Use Azure Automation to connect to the Azure DevOps REST API and send messages to Teams.
- [x] Install the Azure Repos app for Teams and configure a subscription to receive notifications in the channel.
- [ ] Use an Azure function to connect to the Azure DevOps REST API and send messages to Teams.

#### 00306::
`You have an Azure DevOps project that produces Node Package Manager (npm) packages. Multiple projects consume the packages.
`You need to configure Azure Artifacts to ensure that both the latest and pre-release versions of the packages are available for consumption.
`
`What should you do?

- [ ] Create two feed views named @prerelease and @release, Set @release as the default view. Configure a release pipeline that tags the packages as release after successful testing.
- [ ] Create a feed view named @prerelease. Configure a release pipeline that tags the packages as release after successful testing.
- [ ] Create two feed views named @prerelease and @default. Configure a release pipeline that promotes a package to the @default view after successful testing.
- [x] Create two feed views named @prerelease and @release. Set @release as the default view. Configure a release pipeline that promotes a package to the @release view after successful testing.

#### 00307::
`You have an Azure subscription that contains the resources shown in the following table.
`
`Project produces npm packages that are published to Feed1. Feed1 is consumed by multiple projects.
`You need to ensure that only tested packages are available for consumption. The solution must minimize development effort.
`
`What should you do?

- [x] Create a feed view named @release and set @release as the default view. After the npm packages test successfully, configure a release pipeline that promotes a package to the @release view.
- [ ] Create a feed view named @release and set @release as the default view. After the npm packages test successfully, configure a release pipeline that tags the packages as release.
- [ ] Create a feed view named @default. After the npm packages test successfully, configure a release pipeline that tags the packages as release.
- [ ] Create a feed view named @default. After the npm packages test successfully, configure a release pipeline that promotes a package to the @default view.


#### 00308::
`Your company has an Azure DevOps project that produces Node Package Manager (npm) packages. Multiple projects consume the packages.
`
`You need to minimize the amount of disk space used by older packages in Azure Artifacts.
`
`What should you modify?

- [ ] the retention settings of the project’s release
- [x] the retention settings of the project’s pipeline
- [ ] the retention settings of the project’s tests
- [ ] the retention settings of the company pipeline



#### 00314::
`Your company builds a multi-tier web application.
`You use Azure DevOps and host the production application on Azure virtual machines.
`Your team prepares an Azure Resource Manager template of the virtual machine that you will use to test new features.
`You need to create a staging environment in Azure that meets the following requirements:
`✑ Minimizes the cost of Azure hosting
`✑ Provisions the virtual machines automatically
`✑ Uses the custom Azure Resource Manager template to provision the virtual machines
`What should you do?


- [ ] In Azure Cloud Shell, run Azure CLI commands to create and delete the new virtual machines in a staging resource group.
- [ ] In Azure DevOps, configure new tasks in the release pipeline to deploy to Azure Cloud Services.
- [ ] From Azure Cloud Shell, run Azure PowerShell commands to create and delete the new virtual machines in a staging resource group.
- [x] In Azure DevOps, configure new tasks in the release pipeline to create and delete the virtual machines in Azure DevTest Labs.



#### 00317::
`Your company uses Azure DevOps to manage the build and release processes for applications.
`You use a Git repository for applications source control.
`You plan to create a new branch from an existing pull request. Later, you plan to merge the new branch and the target branch of the pull request.
`You need to use a pull request action to create the new branch. The solution must ensure that the branch uses only a portion of the code in the pull request.
`Which pull request action should you use?


- [ ] Set as default branch
- [ ] Approve with suggestions
- [x] Cherry-pick
- [ ] Reactivate
- [ ] Revert



#### 00319::
`You are designing a build pipeline in Azure Pipelines.
`The pipeline requires a self-hosted agent. The build pipeline will run once daily and will take 30 minutes to complete.
`You need to recommend a compute type for the agent. The solution must minimize costs.
`What should you recommend?

- [ ] an Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) cluster
- [x] Azure Container Instances
- [ ] an Azure virtual machine scale set
- [ ] Azure virtual machines


#### Q220::
`You are finalizing a release in GitHub.
`You need to apply the following labels to the release:
`✑ Name
`✑ Email
`✑ Release v3.0
`✑ Release date
`How should you complete the git command? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.














































