
##   7°_1-2

#### 00321::
`You have a project in Azure DevOps. You have an Azure Resource Group deployment project in Microsoft Visual Studio that is checked in to the Azure DevOps project.
`You need to create a release pipeline that will deploy resources by using Azure Resource Manager templates. The solution must minimize administrative effort.
`Which task type should you include in the solution?


- [ ] Azure Cloud Service Deployment
- [ ] Azure RM Web App Deployment
- [x] Azure PowerShell
- [ ] Azure App Service Manage


#### 00324::
`You have an Azure DevOps project that contains a release pipeline and a Git repository.
`When a new code revision is committed to the repository, a build and release is triggered.
`You need to ensure that release information for the pipeline is added automatically to the work items associated to the Git commit.
`What should you do?

- [x] Modify the Integrations options for the pipeline.
- [ ] Modify the post-deployment conditions for the last stage of the pipeline.
- [ ] Add an agentless job to the pipeline.
- [ ] Modify the service hooks for the project.



#### 00326::
`Your company has a release pipeline in an Azure DevOps project.
`You plan to deploy to an Azure Kubernetes Services (AKS) cluster by using the Helm package and deploy task.
`You need to install a service in the AKS namespace for the planned deployment.
`Which service should you install?

- [ ] Azure Container Registry
- [ ] Chart
- [ ] Kubectl
- [x] Tiller



#### 00329::
`You plan to use Terraform to deploy an Azure resource group from a Windows system.
`You need to install the required frameworks to support the planned deployment.
`Which two frameworks should you install? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.

- [ ] Vault
- [x] Terratest
- [ ] Node.js
- [x] Yeoman
- [ ] Tiller

#### 00335::
`You have an approval process that contains a condition. The condition requires that releases be approved by a team leader before they are deployed.
`You have a policy stating that approvals must occur within eight hours.
`You discover that deployment fail if the approvals take longer than two hours.
`You need to ensure that the deployments only fail if the approvals take longer than eight hours.
`Solution: From Post-deployment conditions, you modify the Time between re-evaluation of gates option.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### 00336::
`You have an approval process that contains a condition. The condition requires that releases be approved by a team leader before they are deployed.
`You have a policy stating that approvals must occur within eight hours.
`You discover that deployment fail if the approvals take longer than two hours.
`You need to ensure that the deployments only fail if the approvals take longer than eight hours.
`Solution: From Pre-deployment conditions, you modify the Time between re-evaluation of gates option.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### 00337::
`You have an approval process that contains a condition. The condition requires that releases be approved by a team leader before they are deployed.
`You have a policy stating that approvals must occur within eight hours.
`You discover that deployment fail if the approvals take longer than two hours.
`You need to ensure that the deployments only fail if the approvals take longer than eight hours.
`Solution: From Pre-deployment conditions, you modify the Timeout setting for pre-deployment approvals.

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No


#### 00339::
`You have an approval process that contains a condition. The condition requires that releases be approved by a team leader before they are deployed.
`You have a policy stating that approvals must occur within eight hours.
`You discover that deployment fail if the approvals take longer than two hours.
`You need to ensure that the deployments only fail if the approvals take longer than eight hours.
`Solution: From Post-deployment conditions, you modify the Timeout setting for post-deployment approvals.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No




#### 00341::
`You have a free tier of an Azure DevOps organization named Contoso. Contoso contains 10 private projects. Each project has multiple jobs with no dependencies. The build process requires access to resource files located in an on-premises file system.
`You frequently run the jobs on five self-hosted agents but experience long build times and frequently queued builds.
`You need to minimize the number of queued builds and the time it takes to run the builds.
`What should you do?

- [ ] Configure the pipelines to use the Microsoft-hosted agents.
- [ ] Register additional self-hosted agents.
- [x] Purchase self-hosted parallel jobs.
- [ ] Purchase Microsoft-hosted parallel jobs.


#### 00343::
`You have an Azure DevOps project named Project1 and an Azure subscription named Sub1. Sub1 contains an Azure SQL database named DB1.
`You need to create a release pipeline that uses the Azure SQL Database Deployment task to update DB1.
`Which artifact should you deploy?

- [ ] a BACPAC
- [x] a DACPAC
- [ ] an LDF file
- [ ] an MDF file



#### 00344::
`You have a project in Azure DevOps.
`You plan to create a build pipeline that will deploy resources by using Azure Resource Manager templates. The templates will reference secrets stored in Azure
`Key Vault.
`You need to ensure that you can dynamically generate the resource ID of the key vault during template deployment.
`What should you include in the template? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.


#### 00345::
`Your company has a project in Azure DevOps for a new web application.
`The company uses ServiceNow for change management.
`You need to ensure that a change request is processed before any components can be deployed to the production environment.
`What are two ways to integrate ServiceNow into the Azure DevOps release pipeline? Each correct answer presents a complete solution.

- [ ] Define a deployment control that invokes the ServiceNow REST API.
- [x] Define a pre-deployment gate before the deployment to the Prod stage.
- [ ] Define a deployment control that invokes the ServiceNow SOAP API.
- [x] Define a post-deployment gate after the deployment to the QA stage.

#### 00346::
`Your company develops an application named App1 that is deployed in production.
`As part of an application update, a new service is being added to App1. The new service requires access to an application named App2 that is currently in development.
`You need to ensure that you can deploy the update to App1 before App2 becomes available. You must be able to enable the service in App1 once App2 is deployed.
`What should you do?

- [x] Implement a feature flag.
- [ ] Create a fork in the build.
- [ ] Create a branch in the build.
- [ ] Implement a branch policy.


#### 00347::
`You have a private distribution group that contains provisioned and unprovisioned devices.
`You need to distribute a new iOS application to the distribution group by using Microsoft Visual Studio App Center.
`What should you do?

- [ ] Request the Apple ID associated with the user of each device.
- [x] Register the devices on the Apple Developer portal.
- [ ] Create an active subscription in App Center Test.
- [ ] Add the device owner to the organization in App Center.

#### 00348::
`You are developing an iOS application by using Azure DevOps.
`You need to test the application manually on 10 devices without releasing the application to the public.
`Which two actions should you perform? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.

- [ ] Create a Microsoft Intune device compliance policy.
- [ ] Deploy a certificate from an internal certification authority (CA) to each device.
- [ ] Register the application in the iTunes store.
- [ ] Onboard the devices into Microsoft Intune.
- [x] Distribute a new release of the application.
- [x] Register the IDs of the devices in the Apple Developer portal.
