

##   8°_1-2
#### 00367::
`You use Azure Pipelines to build and test a React.js application.
`You have a pipeline that has a single job.
`You discover that installing JavaScript packages from npm takes approximately five minutes each time you run the pipeline.
`You need to recommend a solution to reduce the pipeline execution time.
`Solution: You recommend using pipeline artifacts.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### 00368::
`You use GitHub for source control of .NET applications.
`You need to deploy a documentation solution that meets the following requirements:
`✑ Documents will be written in Markdown as developers make code changes.
`✑ Changes to the documents will trigger the recompilation of a static website.
`✑ Users will access the documents from the static website.
`✑ Documents will be stored in a GitHub repository.
`Which two tools can you use to compile the website? Each correct answer presents a complete solution.

- [ ] Word Press
- [x] Jekyll
- [x] DocFX
- [ ] caret
- [ ] Medium

#### 00369::
`You have an on-premises app named App1 that accesses Azure resources by using credentials stored in a configuration file.
`You plan to upgrade App1 to use an Azure service principal.
`What is required for App1 to programmatically sign in to Azure Active Directory (Azure AD)?


- [ ] the application ID, a client secret, and the object ID
- [ ] a client secret, the object ID, and the tenant ID
- [x] the application ID, a client secret, and the tenant ID
- [ ] the application ID, a client secret, and the subscription ID


#### 00372::
`You have an Azure subscription that contains 50 virtual machines.
`You plan to manage the configuration of the virtual machines by using Azure Automation State Configuration.
`You need to create the Desired State Configuration (DSC) configuration files.
`How should you structure the code blocks?

- [ ] Node > Configuration > Resource
- [ ] Configuration > Resource > Node
- [ ] Resource > Configuration > Node
- [x] Configuration > Node > Resource

#### 00373::
`Your team uses Azure Pipelines to deploy applications.
`You need to ensure that when a failure occurs during the build or release process, all the team members are notified by using Microsoft Teams. The solution must minimize development effort.
`What should you do?

- [ ] Install the Azure Boards app for Teams and configure a subscription to receive notifications in a channel.
- [ ] Use Azure Automation to connect to the Azure DevOps REST API and notify the team members.
- [ ] Use an Azure function to connect to the Azure DevOps REST API and notify the team members.
- [x] Install the Azure Pipelines app for Teams and configure a subscription to receive notifications in a channel.




#### 00357 ::
`You have a project in Azure DevOps named Project1 that contains two environments named environment1 and environment2.
`
`When a new version of Project is released, the latest version is deployed to environment2, and the previous version is redeployed to environment1.
`
`You need to distribute users across the environments. The solution must meet the following requirements:
`
`• New releases must be available to only a subset of the users.
`• You must gradually increase the number of users that can access environment2.
`
`What should you use?

- [ ] VIP swaping
- [x] web app deployment slots
- [ ] Azure Load Balancer
- [ ] Azure Traffic Manager



#### 00359::
`You use Calendar Versioning (CalVer) for code assets.
`
`You need to store an optional tag of beta as part of the version.
`
`Which part of the version should you use for the tag?

- [ ] minor
- [ ] major
- [ ] micro
- [x] modifier


#### 00381::
`You have a project in Azure DevOps named Project1.
`
`You need to ensure that all new pipelines in Project1 execute three specific tasks during pipeline execution.
`
`What should you create?

- [x] a task group
- [ ] a JSON template
- [ ] a YAML template
- [ ] a PowerShell task


#### 00383::
`You use Azure DevOps processes to build and deploy code.
`
`You need to compare how much time is spent troubleshooting issues found during development and how much time is spent troubleshooting issues found in released code.
`
`Which KPI should you use?

- [x] defect escape rate
- [ ] unplanned work rate
- [ ] defect rate
- [ ] rework rate

#### 00384::
`You have a project in Azure DevOps named Project1.
`
`You implement a Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) pipeline that uses PowerShell Desired State Configuration (DSC) to configure the application infrastructure.
`
`You need to perform a unit test and an integration test of the configuration before Project1 is deployed.
`
`What should you use?

- [ ] the PSScriptAnalyzer tool
- [x] the Pester test framework
- [ ] the PSCodeHealth module
- [ ] the Test-DscConfiguration cmdlet















