
##   8°_1-3


#### 00387::
`You plan to deploy a new database environment. The solution must meet the technical requirements.
`You need to prepare the database for the deployment.
`How should you format the export?

- [ ] NDF
- [x] BACPAC
- [ ] DACPAC
- [ ] MDF


#### 00388::
`You need to meet the technical requirements for monitoring App1.
`What should you use?


- [ ] Splunk
- [x] Azure Application Insights
- [ ] Azure Advisor
- [ ] App Service logs



#### 00390::
`You add the virtual machines as managed nodes in Azure Automation State Configuration.
`You need to configure the managed computers in Pool7.
`What should you do next?

- [ ] Modify the RefreshMode property of the Local Configuration Manager (LCM).
- [ ] Run the Register-AzureRmAutomationDscNode Azure Powershell cmdlet.
- [x] Modify the ConfigurationMode property of the Local Configuration Manager (LCM).
- [ ] Install PowerShell Core.


#### 00396::
`You need to meet the technical requirements for controlling access to Azure DevOps.
`What should you use?

- [ ] Azure Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA)
- [ ] on-premises firewall rules
- [x] conditional access policies in Azure AD
- [ ] Azure role-based access control (Azure RBAC)


#### 00397::
`You need to configure Azure Pipelines to control App2 builds.

- [ ] Windows NTLM
- [ ] certificate
- [ ] SAML
- [x] personal access token (PAT)


#### 00300::
`You need to the merge the POC branch into the default branch. The solution must meet the technical requirements.
`Which command should you run?

- [x] git rebase
- [ ] git merge --squash
- [ ] git push
- [ ] git merge --allow-unrelated-histories
