##   8°_1-1


#### 00351::
`You have a private distribution group that contains provisioned and unprovisioned devices.
`You need to distribute a new iOS application to the distribution group by using Microsoft Visual Studio App Center.
`What should you do?

- [x] Select Register devices and sign my app.
- [ ] Create an active subscription in App Center Test.
- [ ] Create an unsigned build.
- [ ] Add the device owner to the collaborators group.

#### 00353::
`Your company has an on-premises Bitbucket Server that is used for Git-based source control. The server is protected by a firewall that blocks inbound Internet traffic.
You plan to use Azure DevOps to manage the build and release processes.
`Which two components are required to integrate Azure DevOps and Bitbucket? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.

- [ ] a deployment group
- [ ] a Microsoft-hosted agent
- [ ] service hooks
- [x] a self-hosted agent
- [x] an External Git service connection


#### 0155 ::
`You have a project in Azure DevOps.
`You plan to deploy a self-hosted agent by using an unattended configuration script.
`Which two values should you define in the configuration script? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.

- [x] authorization credentials
- [ ] the project name
- [ ] the deployment group name
- [x] the organization URL
- [ ] the agent pool name


#### 00358::
`You have Azure Pipelines and GitHub integrated as a source code repository.
`The build pipeline has continuous integration enabled.
`You plan to trigger an automated build whenever code changes are committed to the repository.
`You need to ensure that the system will wait until a build completes before queuing another build.
`What should you implement?

- [ ] path filters
- [x] batch changes
- [ ] scheduled builds
- [ ] branch filters

#### 00359::
`You are using GitHub as a source code repository.
`You create a client-side Git hook on the commit-msg event. The hook requires that each commit message contain a custom work item tag.
`You need to make a commit that does not have a work item tag.
`Which git commit parameter should you use?

- [ ] --squash
- [x] --no-verify
- [ ] --message ''
- [ ] --no-post-rewrite

#### 0160::
`You have a private distribution group that contains provisioned and unprovisioned devices.
`You need to distribute a new iOS application to the distribution group by using Microsoft Visual Studio App Center.
`What should you do?

- [x] Select Register devices and sign my app.
- [ ] Create an active subscription in App Center Test.
- [ ] Add the device owner to the organization in App Center.
- [ ] Create an unsigned build.

#### 00363::
`You have a private distribution group that contains provisioned and unprovisioned devices.
`You need to distribute a new iOS application to the distribution group by using Microsoft Visual Studio App Center.
`What should you do?

- [x] Register the devices on the Apple Developer portal.
- [ ] Add the device owner to the organization in App Center.
- [ ] Create an unsigned build.
- [ ] Add the device owner to the collaborators group.


#### 00364::
`Your company uses Azure Artifacts for package management.
`You need to configure an upstream source in Azure Artifacts for Python packages.
`Which repository type should you use as an upstream source?

- [ ] npmjs.org
- [x] PyPI
- [ ] Maven Central
- [ ] third-party trusted Python

#### 00365::
`You have a GitHub repository that contains workflows. The workflows contain steps that execute predefined actions. Each action has one or more versions.
`You need to request the specific version of an action to execute.
`Which three attributes can you use to identify the version? Each correct answer presents a complete solution.

- [x] the SHA-based hashes
- [x] the tag
- [ ] the runner
- [x] the branch
- [ ] the serial

#### 00366::
`You have an Azure subscription that contains multiple Azure pipelines.
`You need to deploy a monitoring solution for the pipelines. The solution must meet the following requirements:
`✑ Parse logs from multiple sources.
`✑ Identify the root cause of issues.
`What advanced feature of a monitoring tool should you include in the solution?

- [x] analytics
- [ ] synthetic monitoring
- [ ] directed monitoring
- [ ] Alert Management
























