##   9°_1-1


#### 00401::
`You need to perform the GitHub code migration. The solution must support the planned changes for the DevOps environment.
`What should you use?

- [ ] git clone
- [x] GitHub Importer
- [ ] Import repository in Azure Repos
- [ ] git-tfs


#### 00403::
`In Azure DevOps, you create Project3.
`You need to meet the requirements of the project.
`What should you do first?

- [ ] From Azure DevOps, modify the build definition.
- [ ] From SonarQube, obtain an authentication token.
- [x] From Azure DevOps, create a service endpoint.
- [ ] From SonarQube, create a project.


#### 00404::
`You need to implement Project4.
`What should you do first?

- [ ] Add the FROM instruction in the Dockerfile file.
- [ ] Add a Copy and Publish Build Artifacts task to the build pipeline.
- [x] Add a Docker task to the build pipeline.
- [ ] Add the MAINTAINER instruction in the Dockerfile file.

#### 00407::
`To resolve the current technical issue, what should you do to the Register-AzureRmAutomationDscNode command?


- [x] Change the value of the ConfigurationMode parameter.
- [ ] Replace the Register-AzureRmAutomationDscNode cmdlet with Register-AzureRmAutomationScheduledRunbook
- [ ] Add the AllowModuleOverwrite parameter.
- [ ] Add the DefaultProfile parameter.


#### 00408::
`Which branching strategy should you recommend for the investment planning applications suite?

- [ ] release isolation
- [ ] main only
- [ ] development isolation
- [x] feature isolation

#### 00409::
`What should you use to implement the code quality restriction on the release pipeline for the investment planning applications suite?

- [ ] a pre-deployment approval
- [x] a deployment gate
- [ ] a post-deployment approval
- [ ] a trigger
