
##   2.3°_25-50_newOrderSeptembre

#### 0029, Q9. ::You are developing an Azure Web App. You configure TLS mutual authentication for the web app.
`You need to validate the client certificate in the web app. To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.
`Client certificate location

- [x] HTTP request header
- [ ] Client cookie
- [ ] HTTP message body
- [ ] URL query string

 
#### 0029, Q9.2 ::You are developing an Azure Web App. You configure TLS mutual authentication for the web app.
`You need to validate the client certificate in the web app. To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.
`Encoding type

- [ ] HTTP
- [ ] URL
- [ ] Unicode
- [x] Base64

[//] 0040 todo: selectOrder
[//] 0041 todo: image
[//] 0042 todo: image



#### 0043, Q13 ::You develop a website. You plan to host the website in Azure. You expect the website to experience high traffic volumes after it is published.
`You must ensure that the website remains available and responsive while minimizing cost.
`You need to deploy the website.
`What should you do?

- [ ] Deploy the website to a virtual machine. Configure the virtual machine to automatically scale when the CPU load is high.
- [ ] Deploy the website to an App Service that uses the Shared service tier. Configure the App Service plan to automatically scale when the CPU load is high.
- [ ] Deploy the website to a virtual machine. Configure a Scale Set to increase the virtual machine instance count when the CPU load is high.
- [x] Deploy the website to an App Service that uses the Standard service tier. Configure the App Service plan to automatically scale when the CPU load is high.


[//] 0044 todo: selectOrder
[//] 0045 todo: selectOrder



#### 0056, Q16.p10 ::You develop an HTTP triggered Azure Function app to process Azure Storage blob data. The app is triggered using an output binding on the blob.
`The app continues to time out after four minutes. The app must process the blob data.
`You need to ensure the app does not time out and processes the blob data.
`Solution: Use the Durable Function async pattern to process the blob data.
`Does the solution meet the goal?

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No


#### 00, Q17 ::You develop an HTTP triggered Azure Function app to process Azure Storage blob data. The app is triggered using an output binding on the blob.
`The app continues to time out after four minutes. The app must process the blob data.
`You need to ensure the app does not time out and processes the blob data.
`Solution: Pass the HTTP trigger payload into an Azure Service Bus queue to be processed by a queue trigger function and return an immediate HTTP success response.
`Does the solution meet the goal?

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No




#### 00, Q18 ::You develop an HTTP triggered Azure Function app to process Azure Storage blob data. The app is triggered using an output binding on the blob.
`The app continues to time out after four minutes. The app must process the blob data.
`You need to ensure the app does not time out and processes the blob data.
`Solution: Configure the app to use an App Service hosting plan and enable the Always On setting.
`Does the solution meet the goal?

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### 00, Q19 ::You develop a software as a service (SaaS) offering to manage photographs. Users upload photos to a web service which then stores the photos in Azure
`Storage Blob storage. The storage account type is General-purpose V2.
`When photos are uploaded, they must be processed to produce and save a mobile-friendly version of the image. The process to produce a mobile-friendly version of the image must start in less than one minute.
`You need to design the process that starts the photo processing.
`Solution: Move photo processing to an Azure Function triggered from the blob upload.
`Does the solution meet the goal?

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No










































