##   1.1-1°by5_n0-25_pretest


#### 001, Q1.p1 [100%]::You have two Hyper-V hosts named Host1 and Host2. 
`Host1 has an Azure virtual machine named VM1 that was deployed by using a custom Azure Resource Manager template. 
`You need to move VM1 to Host2.
- [ ] From the Update management blade, click Enable.
- [ ] From the Overview blade, move VM1 to a different subscription.
- [x] From the Redeploy blade, click Redeploy.
- [ ] From the Profile blade, modify the usage location.

[//] - 002_image [//OK-omg.saved] [100%]

#### 003, Q3.p1_newQuestion [60%]::Your company has an Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) cluster that you manage from an Azure AD-joined device. 
`The cluster is located in a resource group.
`Developers have created an application named MyApp. MyApp was packaged into a container image.
`You need to deploy the YAML manifest file for the application.
`Solution: You install the Azure CLI on the device and run the kubectl apply "-f myapp.yaml command.

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No

#### 004, Q4. [100%]::Your company has an Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) cluster that you manage from an Azure AD-joined device. `The cluster is located in a resource group. 
`Developers have created an application named MyApp. 
`MyApp was packaged into a container image. 
`You need to deploy the YAML manifest file for the application. Solution: You install the docker client on the device and run the docker run -it microsoft/azure-cli:0.10.17 command.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### 005, Q5. [100%]::Your company has a web app named WebApp1. 
`You use the WebJobs SDK to design a triggered App Service background task that automatically invokes a function in the code every time new data is received in a queue. 
`You are preparing to configure the service processes a queue data item. 
`Which of the following is the service you should use?

- [ ] Logic Apps
- [x] WebJobs
- [ ] Flow
- [ ] Functions

#### 006, Q6. [100%]::Your company has an Azure subscription. You need to deploy a number of Azure virtual machines to the subscription by using Azure Resource Manager (ARM) templates. 
`The virtual machines will be included in a single availability set. 
`You need to ensure that the ARM template allows for as many virtual machines as possible to remain accessible in the event of fabric failure or maintenance. 
`Which of the following is the value that you should configure for the platformFaultDomainCount property?

- [ ] 10
- [ ] 30
- [ ] Min Value
- [x] Max Value

#### 007, Q7. [100%]::Your company has an Azure subscription. 
`You need to deploy a number of Azure virtual machines to the subscription by using Azure Resource Manager (ARM) templates. 
`The virtual machines will be included in a single availability set. 
`You need to ensure that the ARM template allows for as many virtual machines as possible to remain accessible in the event of fabric failure or maintenance. 
`Which of the following is the value that you should configure for the platformUpdateDomainCount property?

- [ ] 10
- [x] 20
- [ ] 30
- [ ] 40

[//] - 008_image [//OK-omg.saved] [100%]
