

##   7.3°_n175-200_septneworder

#### Qp29.3Topic5Set5question4 ::You are developing an Azure Service application that processes queue data when it receives a message from a mobile application. Messages may not be sent to the service consistently.
`You have the following requirements:
`✑ Queue size must not grow larger than 80 gigabytes (GB).
`✑ Use first-in-first-out (FIFO) ordering of messages.
`✑ Minimize Azure costs.
`You need to implement the messaging solution.
`Solution: Use the .Net API to add a message to an Azure Service Bus Queue from the mobile application. Create an Azure Function App that uses an Azure Service Bus Queue trigger.
`Does the solution meet the goal?


- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No


#### Qp33.3Topic5Set5question22 [10voters]::You are developing an Azure Service application that processes queue data when it receives a message from a mobile application. Messages may not be sent to the service consistently.
`You have the following requirements:
`✑ Queue size must not grow larger than 80 gigabytes (GB).
`✑ Use first-in-first-out (FIFO) ordering of messages.
`✑ Minimize Azure costs.
`You need to implement the messaging solution.
`Solution: Use the .Net API to add a message to an Azure Storage Queue from the mobile application. Create an Azure Function App that uses an Azure Storage Queue trigger.
`Does the solution meet the goal?

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

[//] - 0008_new
[//] - 0008_todo


#### Qp31.3Topic5Set5question15 [7voters]::You are developing an Azure messaging solution.
`You need to ensure that the solution meets the following requirements:
`✑ Provide transactional support.
`✑ Provide duplicate detection.
`✑ Store the messages for an unlimited period of time.
`Which two technologies will meet the requirements? Each correct answer presents a complete solution.

- [x] Azure Service Bus Topic
- [x] Azure Service Bus Queue
- [ ] Azure Storage Queue
- [ ] Azure Event Hub


#### Qp32.3Topic5Set5question16.A [highly-voted]::You need to configure back-end authentication for the API Management service instance.
`Which target and gateway credential type should you use? To answer, drag the appropriate values to the correct parameters. Each value may be used once, more than once, or not at all. You may need to drag the split bar between panes or scroll to view content.
`
`Configuration parameter: Target

- [ ] Azure Ressource
- [x] HTTP(s) endpoint
- [ ] Basic
- [ ] Client cert

#### Qp32.3Topic5Set5question16.B::You need to configure back-end authentication for the API Management service instance.
`Which target and gateway credential type should you use? To answer, drag the appropriate values to the correct parameters. Each value may be used once, more than once, or not at all. You may need to drag the split bar between panes or scroll to view content.
`
`Configuration parameter: Getaway credentials

- [ ] Azure Ressource
- [ ] HTTP(s) endpoint
- [ ] Basic
- [x] Client cert



#### Qp32.3Topic5Set5question17.A::You are creating an app that uses Event Grid to connect with other services. Your app's event data will be sent to a serverless function that checks compliance.
`This function is maintained by your company.
`You write a new event subscription at the scope of your resource. The event must be invalidated after a specific period of time.
`You need to configure Event Grid.
`
`WebHook event delivery

- [x] ValidationCode handshake
- [ ] ValidationURL handshake
- [ ] JWT token


#### Qp32.3Topic5Set5question17.B::You are creating an app that uses Event Grid to connect with other services. Your app's event data will be sent to a serverless function that checks compliance.
`This function is maintained by your company.
`You write a new event subscription at the scope of your resource. The event must be invalidated after a specific period of time.
`You need to configure Event Grid.
`
`Topic publishing


- [x] SAS tokens
- [ ] Key authentication
- [ ] Management Access Control

[//] - 0013_todo




























