


##   7.4°_n175-200_septneworder

#### Qp32.3Topic5Set5question19::You are developing a solution that will use Azure messaging services.
`You need to ensure that the solution uses a publish-subscribe model and eliminates the need for constant polling.
`What are two possible ways to achieve the goal? Each correct answer presents a complete solution.

- [x] Service Bus
- [ ] Event Hub
- [x] Event Grid
- [ ] Queue

#### Qp33.3Topic5Set5question20::A company is implementing a publish-subscribe (Pub/Sub) messaging component by using Azure Service Bus. You are developing the first subscription application.
`In the Azure portal you see that messages are being sent to the subscription for each topic. You create and initialize a subscription client object by supplying the correct details, but the subscription application is still not consuming the messages.
`You need to ensure that the subscription client processes all messages.
`Which code segment should you use?

- [ ] await subscriptionClient.AddRuleAsync(new RuleDescription(RuleDescription.DefaultRuleName, new TrueFilter()));
- [ ] subscriptionClient = new SubscriptionClient(ServiceBusConnectionString, TopicName, SubscriptionName);
- [ ] await subscriptionClient.CloseAsync();
- [x] subscriptionClient.RegisterMessageHandler(ProcessMessagesAsync, messageHandlerOptions);


#### Qp33.3Topic5Set5question21 [???]::You are developing an Azure Service application that processes queue data when it receives a message from a mobile application. Messages may not be sent to the service consistently.
`You have the following requirements:
`✑ Queue size must not grow larger than 80 gigabytes (GB).
`✑ Use first-in-first-out (FIFO) ordering of messages.
`✑ Minimize Azure costs.
`You need to implement the messaging solution.
`Solution: Use the .Net API to add a message to an Azure Storage Queue from the mobile application. Create an Azure VM that is triggered from Azure Storage Queue events.
`Does the solution meet the goal?

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### Qp33.3Topic5Set5question22 [?]::You are developing an Azure Service application that processes queue data when it receives a message from a mobile application. Messages may not be sent to the service consistently.
`You have the following requirements:
`✑ Queue size must not grow larger than 80 gigabytes (GB).
`✑ Use first-in-first-out (FIFO) ordering of messages.
`✑ Minimize Azure costs.
`You need to implement the messaging solution.
`Solution: Use the .Net API to add a message to an Azure Service Bus Queue from the mobile application. Create an Azure Windows VM that is triggered from Azure Service Bus Queue.
`Does the solution meet the goal?

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No