

##   3.2°_n50-75-septneworderd

#### Q0038,  [//]4QuestionPareil::You develop a software as a service (SaaS) offering to manage photographs. 
`Users upload photos to a web service which then stores the photos in Azure
`Storage Blob storage. The storage account type is General-purpose V2.
`When photos are uploaded, they must be processed to produce and save a mobile-friendly version of the image. The process to produce a mobile-friendly version of the image must start in less than one minute.
`You need to design the process that starts the photo processing.
`Solution:  Use the Azure Blob Storage change feed to trigger photo processing.
`Does the solution meet the goal?

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No



#### Q0039, new ::You are developing a web application that runs as an Azure Web App. The web application stores data in Azure SQL Database and stores files in an Azure Storage account. 
`The web application makes HTTP requests to external services as part of normal operations.
`The web application is instrumented with Application Insights. The external services are OpenTelemetry compliant.
`You need to ensure that the customer ID of the signed in user is associated with all operations throughout the overall system.
`What should you do?

- [x] Add the customer ID for the signed in user to the CorrelationContext in the web application
- [ ] On the current SpanContext, set the TraceId to the customer ID for the signed in user
- [ ] Set the header Ocp-Apim-Trace to the customer ID for the signed in user
- [ ] Create a new SpanContext with the TraceFlags value set to the customer ID for the signed in user

[//] 4000,  todo: mulitselect todo
[//] 4100,  todo: selectOrder

#### Q0042,  ::You develop an HTTP triggered Azure Function app to process Azure Storage blob data. The app is triggered using an output binding on the blob.
`The app continues to time out after four minutes. The app must process the blob data.
`You need to ensure the app does not time out and processes the blob data.
`Solution: Update the functionTimeout property of the host.json project file to 10 minutes.

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

[//] 4300,  todo: mulitselect todo

#### Q0044,  ::You are developing an Azure Durable Function to manage an online ordering process.
`The process must call an external API to gather product discount information.
`You need to implement the Azure Durable Function.
`Which Azure Durable Function types should you use? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.


- [x] Orchestrator
- [x] Entity
- [ ] Client
- [ ] Activity

[//] 4500,  todo: mulitselect todo

[//] 4600,  todo: image to text  todo


#### Q4700 ::You are building a website that uses Azure Blob storage for data storage. You configure Azure Blob storage lifecycle to move all blobs to the archive tier after 30 days.
`Customers have requested a service-level agreement (SLA) for viewing data older than 30 days.
`You need to document the minimum SLA for data recovery.
`Which SLA should you use?


- [ ] at least two days
- [x] between one and 15 hours
- [ ] at least one day
- [ ] between zero and 60 minutes

[//] 4700,  todo: mulitselect todo

[//] 4800,  todo: mulitselect todo
[//] 4900,  todo: mulitselect todo
[//] 5000 todo: selectOrder


#### Q5100, 8 ::You are developing an Azure solution to collect point-of-sale (POS) device data from 2,000 stores located throughout the world. A single device can produce 2 megabytes (MB) of data every 24 hours. Each store location has one to five devices that send data.
`You must store the device data in Azure Blob storage. Device data must be correlated based on a device identifier. Additional stores are expected to open in the future.
`You need to implement a solution to receive the device data.
`Solution: Provision an Azure Event Grid. Configure the machine identifier as the partition key and enable capture.
`Does the solution meet the goal?

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### 5200, Q9 ::You develop Azure solutions.
`A .NET application needs to receive a message each time an Azure virtual machine finishes processing data. The messages must NOT persist after being processed by the receiving application.
`You need to implement the .NET object that will receive the messages.
`Which object should you use?

- [x] QueueClient
- [ ] SubscriptionClient
- [ ] TopicClient
- [ ] CloudQueueClient

[//] 5300 todo: selectOrder


#### 5400, Q11 ::You develop Azure solutions.
`You must connect to a No-SQL globally-distributed database by using the .NET API.
`You need to create an object to configure and execute requests in the database.
`Which code segment should you use?

- [ ] new Container(EndpointUri, PrimaryKey);
- [ ] new Database(EndpointUri, PrimaryKey);
- [x] new CosmosClient(EndpointUri, PrimaryKey);




#### 5500Q12 ::You have an existing Azure storage account that stores large volumes of data across multiple containers.
`You need to copy all data from the existing storage account to a new storage account. The copy process must meet the following requirements:
`✑ Automate data movement.
`✑ Minimize user input required to perform the operation.
`✑ Ensure that the data movement process is recoverable.
`What should you use?

- [x] AzCopy
- [ ] Azure Storage Explorer
- [ ] Azure portal
- [ ] .NET Storage Client Library

[//] 5600, 00,  todo: mulitselect todo
[//] 5700,  todo: image to text  todo
