##   p4-3-3

#### Q161. ::
`Which task is an AWS responsibility when a workload is running in Amazon RDS?

- [ ] Creating the database table
- [ ] Updating the database schema
- [x] Installing the database engine
- [ ] Dropping the database records

#### Q162. ::
`A development team wants to publish and manage web services that provide REST APIs.
`Which AWS service will meet this requirement?

- [ ] AWS App Mesh
- [x] Amazon API Gateway
- [ ] Amazon CloudFront
- [ ] AWS Cloud Map

#### Q163. ::
`A company has a social media platform in which users upload and share photos with other users. The company wants to identify and remove inappropriate photos. The company has no machine learning (ML) scientists and must build this detection capability with no ML expertise.
`Which AWS service should the company use to build this capability?

- [ ] Amazon SageMaker
- [ ] Amazon Textract
- [x] Amazon Rekognition
- [ ] Amazon Comprehend

#### Q164. ::
`Which responsibility belongs to AWS when a company hosts its databases on Amazon EC2 instances?

- [ ] Database backups
- [ ] Database software patches
- [ ] Operating system patches
- [x] Operating system installations.

#### Q165. ::
`A company wants to use Amazon S3 to store its legacy data. The data is rarely accessed. However, the data is critical and cannot be recreated. The data needs to be available for retrieval within seconds.
`Which S3 storage class meets these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

- [ ] S3 Standard
- [ ] S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access (S3 One Zone-IA)
- [x] S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA)
- [ ] S3 Glacier

#### Q166. ::
`An online retail company wants to migrate its on-premises workload to AWS. The company needs to automatically handle a seasonal workload increase in a cost- effective manner.
`Which AWS Cloud features will help the company meet this requirement? (Choose two.)

- [ ] Cross-Region workload deployment
- [x] Pay-as-you-go pricing
- [ ] Built-in AWS CloudTrail audit capabilities
- [x] Auto Scaling policies
- [ ] Centralized logging

#### Q167. ::
`Which AWS service helps developers use loose coupling and reliable messaging between microservices?

- [ ] Elastic Load Balancing
- [ ] Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS)
- [ ] Amazon CloudFront
- [x] Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS)

#### Q168. ::
`A company needs to build an application that uses AWS services. The application will be delivered to residents in European Counties. The company must abide by regional regulatory requirements.
`Which AWS service or program should the company use to determine which AWS services meet the regional requirements?

- [ ] AWS Audit Manager
- [ ] AWS Shield
- [x] AWS Compliance Program
- [ ] AWS Artifact

#### Q169. ::
`A company needs to implement identity management for a fleet of mobile apps that are running in the AWS Cloud.
`Which AWS service will meet this requirement?


- [x] Amazon Cognito
- [ ] AWS Security Hub
- [ ] AWS Shield
- [ ] AWS WAF

#### Q170. ::
`A company needs an Amazon EC2 instance for a rightsized database server that must run constantly for 1 year.
`Which EC2 instance purchasing option will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

- [x] Standard Reserved Instance
- [ ] Convertible Reserved Instance
- [ ] On-Demand Instance
- [ ] Spot Instance

#### Q171. ::
`A company has multiple applications and is now building a new multi-tier application. The company will host the new application on Amazon EC2 instances. The company wants the network routing and traffic between the various applications to follow the security principle of least privilege.
`Which AWS service or feature should the company use to enforce this principle?

- [x] Security groups
- [ ] AWS Shield
- [ ] AWS Global Accelerator
- [ ] AWS Direct Connect gateway

#### Q172. ::
`A company's web application requires AWS credentials and authorizations to use an AWS service.
`Which IAM entity should the company use as best practice?

- [x] IAM role
- [ ] IAM user
- [ ] IAM group
- [ ] IAM multi-factor authentication (MFA)


#### Q173. ::
`A company is creating a document that defines the operating system patch routine for all the company's systems.
`Which AWS resources should the company include in this document? (Choose two.)

- [x] Amazon EC2 instances
- [ ] AWS Lambda functions
- [ ] AWS Fargate tasks
- [ ] Amazon RDS instances
- [x] Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) instances

#### Q174. ::
`Which AWS service or feature gives a company the ability to control incoming traffic and outgoing traffic for Amazon EC2 instances?

- [x] Security groups
- [ ] Amazon Route 53
- [ ] AWS Direct Connect
- [ ] Amazon VPC

#### Q175. ::
`A company is starting to build its infrastructure in the AWS Cloud. The company wants access to technical support during business hours. The company also wants general architectural guidance as teams build and test new applications.
`Which AWS Support plan will meet these requirements at the LOWEST cost?

- [ ] AWS Basic Support
- [x] AWS Developer Support
- [ ] AWS Business Support
- [ ] AWS Enterprise Support


#### Q176. ::
`A company is migrating its public website to AWS. The company wants to host the domain name for the website on AWS.
`Which AWS service should the company use to meet this requirement?


- [ ] AWS Lambda
- [x] Amazon Route 53
- [ ] Amazon CloudFront
- [ ] AWS Direct Connect

