##   p4-2-3

#### Q147. ::
`Which of the following is an AWS best practice for managing an AWS account root user?

- [ ] Keep the root user password with the security team.
- [x] Enable multi-factor authentication (MFA) for the root user.
- [ ] Create an access key for the root user.
- [ ] Keep the root user password consistent for compliance purposes.

#### Q148. ::
`A company wants to improve its security and audit posture by limiting Amazon EC2 inbound access.
`What should the company use to access instances remotely instead of opening inbound SSH ports and managing SSH keys?

- [ ] EC2 key pairs
- [x] AWS Systems Manager Session Manager
- [ ] AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)
- [ ] Network ACLs

#### Q149.::
`After selecting an Amazon EC2 Dedicated Host reservation, which pricing option would provide the largest discount?

- [ ] No upfront payment
- [ ] Hourly on-demand payment
- [ ] Partial upfront payment
- [x] All upfront payment

#### Q150. ::
`A company has refined its workload to use specific AWS services to improve efficiency and reduce cost.
`Which best practice for cost governance does this example show?

- [ ] Resource controls
- [ ] Cost allocation
- [x] Architecture optimization
- [ ] Tagging enforcement


#### Q151::
`A company would like to host its MySQL databases on AWS and maintain full control over the operating system, database installation, and configuration.
`Which AWS service should the company use to host the databases?

- [ ] Amazon RDS
- [x] Amazon EC2
- [ ] Amazon DynamoDB
- [ ] Amazon Aurora


#### Q152::
`How does the AWS global infrastructure offer high availability and fault tolerance to its users?

- [ ] The AWS infrastructure is made up of multiple AWS Regions within various Availability Zones located in areas that have low flood risk, and are interconnected with low-latency networks and redundant power supplies.
- [ ] The AWS infrastructure consists of subnets containing various Availability Zones with multiple data centers located in the same geographic location.
- [ ] AWS allows users to choose AWS Regions and data centers so that users can select the closest data centers in different Regions.
- [x] The AWS infrastructure consists of isolated AWS Regions with independent Availability Zones that are connected with low-latency networking and redundant power supplies.

#### Q153 ::
`A company is using Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling to scale its Amazon EC2 instances.
`Which benefit of the AWS Cloud does this example illustrate?

- [ ] High availability
- [x] Elasticity
- [ ] Reliability
- [ ] Global reach


#### Q154. :: 
`Which AWS service or feature is used to send both text and email messages from distributed applications?

- [x] Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS)
- [ ] Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES)
- [ ] Amazon CloudWatch alerts
- [ ] Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS)

#### Q155. ::
`A user is able to set up a master payer account to view consolidated billing reports through:

- [ ] AWS Budgets.
- [ ] Amazon Macie.
- [ ] Amazon QuickSight.
- [x] AWS Organizations.

#### Q156. ::
`According to the AWS shared responsibility model, which task is the customer's responsibility?

- [ ] Maintaining the infrastructure needed to run AWS Lambda
- [ ] Updating the operating system of Amazon DynamoDB instances
- [ ] Maintaining Amazon S3 infrastructure
- [x] Updating the guest operating system on Amazon EC2 instances

#### Q157. :: 
`A company wants to migrate a small website and database quickly from on-premises infrastructure to the AWS Cloud. The company has limited operational knowledge to perform the migration.
`Which AWS service supports this use case?

- [ ] Amazon EC2
- [x] Amazon Lightsail
- [ ] Amazon S3
- [ ] AWS Lambda

#### Q158. ::
`A company is moving multiple applications to a single AWS account. The company wants to monitor the AWS Cloud costs incurred by each application.
`What can the company do to meet this requirement?

- [ ] Set up invoiced billing.
- [ ] Use AWS Artifact.
- [ ] Set budgets in Cost Explorer.
- [x] Create cost allocation tags.

#### Q159. ::
`Which design principle is achieved by following the reliability pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework?

- [ ] Vertical scaling
- [ ] Manual failure recovery
- [x] Testing recovery procedures
- [ ] Changing infrastructure manually


#### Q160. ::
`A user needs to quickly deploy a non-relational database on AWS. The user does not want to manage the underlying hardware or the database software.
`Which AWS service can be used to accomplish this?

- [ ] Amazon RDS
- [x] Amazon DynamoDB
- [ ] Amazon Aurora
- [ ] Amazon Redshift
