##   n221-245-reals


#### Q221. Authorisation to access Azure resources can be provided only to Azure Active Directory (Azure AD ) users. 

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### Q221. Identities stored in Azure Active Direcotry (Azure AD), third-party cloud services, and on-premises Active Directory can be used to access Azure resources. 

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No


#### Q221. Azure has build-in authentication and authorisation services that provide secure access to Azure resources. 

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No

#### Q222. If a resource group named RG1 has a delete lock, ... can delete RG1

- [ ] only a member of the global administratiors group
- [x] the delete lock must be removed before an administrator
- [ ] an Azure policy must be modified before an administrator
- [ ] an Azure tag must be added before an administrator

#### Q223. Azure Germany can be used by legal residents of Germany only.

- [ ]  no change is needed
- [ ]  only enterprises that are registered in Germany
- [ ]  only enterprises that purchase their azure licenses from a partner based in Germany
- [x]  any user or enterprise that requires its data to reside in Germany

#### Q199. Identities stored in on-premises Active Directory can be synchronised to Azure Active Directory (Azure AD)

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No


#### Q199. Identities stored in Azure Active Directory (Azure AD), third-party cloud services, and on-premises Active Directory can be used to access Azure resources

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No

#### Q199. Azure has built-in authentication and authorisation services that provide secure access to Azure resources. 

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No

#### Q225. You can view your company's regulatory compliance report from 

- [ ] Azure Advisor
- [ ] Azure Analysis Service
- [ ] Azure Monitor 
- [x] Azure Security Center

#### Q11. What should you use to evaluate whether your companyג€™s Azure environment meets regulatory requirements?

- [ ] Azure Service Health
- [ ] Azure Knowledge Center
- [x] Azure Security Center
- [ ] Azure Advisor

#### Q227. Your company implements ..... automatically add a watermark to Microsoft Word documents that contain credit card information. 

- [ ] Azure policies
- [ ] DDoS protection
- [x] Azure Information Protection
- [ ] Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) Identity Protection

#### Q228. Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) requires the implementation of domain controllers on Azure virtual machines

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### Q228. Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) provides authentication services for resources hosted in Azure and Microsoft 365

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No


#### Q228. Each user account in Azure Active Direcotry (Azure AD) can be assigned only one license. 

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

#### Q229. Which two types of customers are eligible to use Azure Government to develop a cloud solution?

- [ ] a Canadian government contractor
- [ ] a European government contractor
- [x] a United States government entity
- [x] a United States government contractor
- [ ] a European government entity



#### Q229. To implement an Azure Multi-factor Authentication (MFA) solution, you must sync on-premises identities to the cloud

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### Q230. Two valid methods for azure Multi-factor Authentication (MFA) are picture identification and a passport number

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### Q230. Azure Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) can be required for administrative and non-administrative user accounts. 

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No




































#### Q231. You need to ensure that when Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) users connect to Azure AD from the Internet by using an anonymous IP address, the users are prompted automatically to change their password. Which Azure service should you use?

- [ ] Azure AD Connect Health
- [ ] Azure AD Privileged Identity Management
- [ ] Azure Advanced Threat Protection (ATP)
- [x] Azure AD Identity Protection


#### Q232. An organisation that defines international standards across all industries

- [ ] Azure Government
- [ ] GDPR
- [x] ISO
- [ ] NIST


#### Q232. An organisation that defines standards used by the United States government

- [ ] Azure Government
- [ ] GDPR
- [ ] ISO
- [x] NIST

#### Q232. A European policy that regulates data privacy and data protection

- [ ] Azure Government
- [x] GDPR
- [ ] ISO
- [ ] NIST

#### Q232. A dedicated public cloud for federal and state agencies in the United States

- [x] Azure Government
- [ ] GDPR
- [ ] ISO
- [ ] NIST


#### Q233. To what should an application connect to retrieve security tokens?

- [ ] an Azure Storage account
- [x] Azure Active Directory (Azure AD)
- [ ] a certificate store
- [ ] an Azure key vault

#### Q234. Your network contains an Active Directory forest. The forest contains 5,000 user accounts. Your company plans to migrate all network resources to Azure and to decommission the on-premises data center. You need to recommend a solution to minimize the impact on users after the planned migration. What should you recommend?

- [ ]  Implement Azure Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA)
- [x]  Sync all the Active Directory user accounts to Azure Active Directory (Azure AD)
- [ ]  Instruct all users to change their password
- [ ]  Create a guest user account in Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) for each user



#### Q235. You can configure tha Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) activity logs to appear in Azure Monitor
- [x] Yes
- [ ] No


#### Q235. From Azure Monitor, you can monitor resources across multiple Azure subscriptions
- [x] Yes
- [ ] No


#### Q235. From Azure Monitor you can create alerts
- [x] Yes
- [ ] No

#### Q236. You create a resource group named RG1 in Azure Resource Manager. You need to prevent the accidental deletion of the resources in RG1. Which setting should you use?
- [x]  Locks
- [ ]  Policies
- [ ]  Export template
- [ ]  Resource costs

#### Q237. You have a resource group named RG1. You need to prevent the creation of virtual machines in RG1. The solution must ensure that other objects can be created in RG1. What should you use?

- [ ] a lock
- [ ] an Azure role
- [ ] a tag
- [x] an Azure policy

#### Q238. You have an Azure subscription and 100 Windows 10 devices. You need to ensure that only users whose devices have the latest security patches installed can access Azure Active Directory (Azure AD)-integrated applications. What should you implement?

- [x] a conditional access policy
- [ ] Azure Bastion
- [ ] Azure Firewall
- [ ] Azure Policy

#### Q239. What can Azure Information Protection encrypt?

- [ ] network traffic
- [x] documents and email messages
- [ ] an Azure Storage account
- [ ] an Azure SQL database


#### Q240. What should you use to evaluate whether your companyג€™s Azure environment meets regulatory requirements?

- [ ] the Knowledge Center website
- [ ] the Advisor blade from the Azure portal
- [x] Compliance Manager from the Service Trust Portal
- [ ] the Solutions blade from the Azure portal
















#### Q241. ....... enables users to authenticate to multiple applications by using single sign-on (SSO)

- [ ] Application security groups in  Azure 
- [x] Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) 
- [ ] Azure Key Vault
- [ ] Azure Security Center


#### Q242. You have an Azure subscription. Where will you find details on the personal data collected by Microsoft, how Microsoft uses the data, and what the data is used for?

- [ ] the Data Protection Addendum
- [ ] the Microsoft Online Services Terms
- [x] the Microsoft Privacy Statement
- [ ] Azure Security Center

#### Q243. Azure Active Directory (Azure AD)  can be used to manage access to on-premises applications

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No


#### Q243. Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) provides single sign-on (SSO)

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No

#### Q243. iOS devices can be registered in Azure Active Directory (Azure AD)

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No

#### Q244. You have an Azure network named VNET1 in a resource group named RG1.  You assign the Azure Policy definition of Not Allowed Resource Type and specify that virtual networks are not an allowed resource type in RG1. VNET1 .... 

- [ ] is deleted automatically
- [ ] is moved automatically to another resource group 
- [x] continues to function normally
- [ ] is now a read-only object


#### Q245. Trust Center is part of the Azure Security Center

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### Q245. Trust Center can only be accessed by users that have an Azure subscription 

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No


#### Q245. Trust Center provides information about the Azure compliance offerings

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No